Credit Card | Indian Credit Cards | AMEX IN
Choose a Card that suits your needs
Choose a Card that suits your needs
Explore from a range of Cards that complements your lifestyle
Compare Cards
T&C's Apply
Credit Card benefits
How to choose a Credit Card
Types of Credit Cards
How to get a Credit Card
FAQs
Credit Card benefits & features
There are many reasons for considering an American Express Credit Card – here are just a few:
Financial flexibility
Boost your spending power with a Credit Card, allowing you to buy now and pay later. Read more on how Credit Cards work here .
Rewarding offers and benefits
As an American Express Cardmember you’ll have access to offers across travel, dining, retail, wellness and more. So you could indulge in curated dining experiences, enjoy exclusive retail offers or treat yourself at the spa. Explore more here.
With Amex Offers, you can even choose treats tailored for you. Just log in into your online account and save the offers you like with a single click.
Experience the world-class service with all our Credit Cards
24x7 Platinum Assist
No matter your query, you’ll get 24x7 Card Related Assistance. Wherever you are, just reach out – we’re always ready to help.
Online services
View and manage your account anywhere in the world by using your Online Card Account, or the American Express App.
Contactless payment
Your American Express Card offers the additional benefit of contactless payments; a secure and smart way to pay for all purchases below INR 5,000. Simply tap your Card on the contactless machine at the point of sale, and you won't need to enter a PIN.
Zero Lost Card liability
Should you lose your Card, American Express’s Zero Lost Card liability protects you against any fraudulent transactions made with your Card. Just report the fraud
within three days, and your liability will be nil. Refer to Most Important Terms & Conditions for complete details .
Emergency Card replacement
If you lose your Card, we’ll usually replace it within 48 hours, wherever you are in the world, so you can carry on with your plans.
Online Fraud Protection Guarantee
Our early detection systems monitor potentially fraudulent activity. In the unlikely event that you are a victim of Card fraud, and you have taken reasonable care, you won't be held responsible for any fraudulent charges.
Membership Rewards
Feel rewarded with one of the most powerful rewards programs, allowing you to earn Membership Rewards Points every time you spend.
You can redeem your points across a variety of options with our American Express Membership Rewards® Catalogue . Take your pick from a selection of hand-picked rewards (with 500+ redemption options) – from travel and accommodation to electronics and luxury retail.
Earn and redeem points on Cards like American Express Platinum® Travel Credit Card , American Express Membership Rewards® Credit Card , American Express SmartEarn® Credit Card .
Platinum Concierge
With the American Express Platinum Reserve® Credit Card , you’re automatically entitled to use our premium Concierge Service.
A dedicated team is on call 24 hours a day, ready to take care of all your lifestyle needs. Whether you’re struggling to get last-minute reservations or forgot to send flowers to a special someone on their birthday, with the powerful backing of American Express, you’ll get it sorted. We offer assistance with:
Locating or sourcing goods/services at home or abroad
Personal arrangements while at home or abroad
Organizing events on private occasions
Dining reservations
Golf bookings
Gift and flower delivery
Movie and theatre ticket bookings
Reservations for 'By Invitation Only' events, and much more
American Express Credit Card comparison
What makes our products special? Our Credit Cards come with benefits and offers curated to help you get more value from your purchases. We also ensure your experience is rewarding by enrolling you in our Membership Rewards® points program.
Explore our full range of Credit Cards available for the Indian market.
American Express SmartEarn™ Credit Card
Rs. 500 cashback as Welcome Gift on eligible spends 1 of Rs. 10,000 in first 90 days of Cardmembership
First Year Fee : Rs. 495 plus applicable taxes
Second Year Fee : Rs. 495 plus applicable taxes
Earn 10X Membership Rewards® points 2 on Zomato, Ajio, Nykaa, BookMyShow, Uber and more & 5X Membership Rewards® points 2 on Amazon for every Rs. 50 spent.
Beginning 01 August 2021, you can earn Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 500 upon reaching the spend milestones of Rs. 1.20 lacs, Rs. 1.80 lacs, and Rs. 2.40 lacs respectively in a cardmembership 9 .
Convert purchases into EMI at point of sale with an interest rate as low as 14% p.a.
Terms and Conditions
American Express Membership Rewards® Credit Card
Welcome Gift 8 of 4,000 Bonus Membership Rewards® Points
First Year Fee : Rs. 1,000 plus applicable taxes
Second Year: Rs. 4,500 plus applicable taxes
Earn 1,000 Bonus Membership Rewards® Points for simply using your Card 4 times on transactions of Rs. 1,500 and above every month
Earn an additional 1,000 Membership Rewards points simply by spending INR 20,000 or more in a calendar month. This is an enrollment based benefit.
Split the payment and not the joy. Use your American Express Credit Card for your next big purchase & pay in easy EMI
Redeem your Points from the fabulous 18 and 24 Karat Gold Collection
Terms and Conditions
American Express® Platinum Reserve SM Credit Card
Get a Welcome Gift 9 of 11,000 Bonus Membership Rewards® Points
First Year Fee: Rs. 10,000 plus applicable taxes
Second Year Fee: Rs. 10,000 plus applicable taxes
Enjoy privileges at Taj, SeleQtions and Vivanta Hotels, Preferred Hotels & Resorts
Complimentary access to domestic airport lounges across India.
Complimentary access to leading Golf courses in India
Terms and Conditions
Apply Now
(opens new window)
American Express® Platinum Travel Credit Card
Welcome Gift of 10,000 4 Membership Rewards® Points
First Year Fee: Rs. 5,000 plus applicable taxes
Second Year Fee: Rs. 5,000 plus applicable taxes
Spend Rs 1.9 lakhs in a Cardmembership year and get 7,500 Membership Rewards ® points
Spend Rs 4 lakhs in a Cardmembership year and get 10,000 Membership Rewards ® points
Spend Rs 7 lakhs in a Cardmembership year and get additional 22,500 Membership Rewards ® points and a Taj stay voucher worth Rs 10,000 that can be availed on your next getaway.
Redeem your Membership Rewards points * for Platinum Travel Collection
8 complimentary visits per year (limited to two complimentary visit per quarter) to airport lounges across India
Terms and Conditions
Different types of Credit Cards
At American Express we have several types of Credit Cards with unique benefits so you can find a Card that best suits your needs and lifestyle.
Rewards Credit Cards you earn rewards every time you shop
Travel Credit Cards have all the features to make your journey extra rewarding
Premium Credit Cards give you access to exclusive privileges and second-to-none services
Learn more about credit card types and compare the benefits of the different types of Cards at American Express:
How to choose a Credit Card
American Express offers a range of Credit Cards with different rewards and benefits. Fees and interest rates can also vary from Card to Card, so it’s important to do your research to find the right one for you:
Check the credit limit
Knowing your credit limit is the first step to keeping your balance under control. You can reduce the risk of going over your limit by making regular payments.
Learn More
Check the Credit Card fees
The charges you pay partly depend on the type of Card you have and how you use it.
Learn More
Check the Credit Card interest rates
Learn how interest is calculated to help you choose the right Card.
Learn More
How to get a Credit Card
Determine what kind of Credit Card suits your needs
Study the terms and conditions and any Card fees
Check to see if you qualify with our eligibility checker
Complete the online application for your chosen Card
Discover our detailed, step-by-step guide to Credit Card application and requirements here.
FAQs
What is a Credit Card?
Credit Card is a physical or virtual payment instrument containing a means of identification, issued with a pre-approved revolving credit limit, that can be used to purchase goods and services or draw cash advances, subject to prescribed terms and conditions.
How does a Credit Card work?
Simply put, a credit limit is set and communicated to you when your card application is approved. As a Cardholder, you’re then free to spend up to this limit and, after an agreed period, you’ll receive your monthly card statement with the minimum and total amount you need to pay.
You can pay the minimum amount due to avoid late payment fees and prevent a negative reporting to Credit Information Companies (CICs), however, the interest on the unpaid amount will be charged. If you pay the total amount due, you won’t be charged any interest. For detailed information on all the charges and how such charges are computed, please refer to the Most Important Terms and Conditions.
What is the difference between a Credit Card, a Charge Card, and a Debit Card?
Credit Card is a physical or virtual payment instrument containing a means of identification, issued with a pre-approved revolving credit limit, that can be used to purchase goods and services or draw cash advances, subject to prescribed terms and conditions.
Charge Card is a type of credit card where the user must pay the billed amount in full on due date after the billing cycle, and no rolling over of credit to the next billing cycle is permitted.
Debit Card , on the other hand, is a physical or virtual payment instrument containing a means of identification, linked to a Saving Bank/Current Account which can be used to withdraw cash, make online payments, do PoS terminal/Quick Response (QR) code transactions, fund transfer, etc. subject to prescribed terms and conditions.
What is a Credit Limit?
Credit Limit is the maximum amount of revolving credit determined and notified to the cardholder to transact in the credit card account.
What is a Credit score?
Credit score generally indicates your creditworthiness and demonstrates your ability to repay a loan. Lenders check your Credit Score to understand your credit profile, behavior patterns and repayment habits before they process your application.
Why use a Credit Card?
American Express Credit Cards offer several benefits for Cardholders:
Financial flexibility
Travel benefits
Rewards Points with every payment
Exclusive Membership Rewards
Option to use equated monthly instalments ( EMI )
Credit Card protection
How do I increase my credit limit?
All requests for a credit limit increase gets reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Factors like payment history, personal income, and credit score are considered before approving a credit limit increase.
How do I check my credit limit?
Knowing your available credit limit can help you plan your purchases accordingly and help you maintain a decent credit score. You can check your total credit limit on your monthly credit card statement
What does 'Minimum Amount Due' mean on a credit card statement?
Minimum Amount Due is the minimum amount of money, as a part of the total bill amount, that a cardholder must pay to not be treated as an overdue bill.
What are Membership Rewards?
Membership Rewards is a customer loyalty program. American Express rewards Cardmembers that regularly use American Express Cards. The more you spend, the more Membership Rewards points you accumulate. These points can be redeemed for a wide variety of travel rewards, shopping rewards, entertainment rewards and more. Points can also be transferred to other loyalty programs such as airlines (frequent flyer programs) and hotels (frequent guest programs).
What is Membership Rewards ® Program?
Earn
Just use your Card for any purchase and watch the points add up. There is no limit to the points you can earn, and they never expire until the card is closed
Explore
The Membership Rewards catalogue offers exceptional rewards. From travel to shopping - redeem them on rewards that you like.
Redeem
Log in to your account to redeem points for a host of options or pay with points when you checkout online or in-store at participating merchants.
Can I transfer the point I earn?
Yes, you can transfer points to a participating frequent flyer partner program or frequent guest program. To transfer your Membership Rewards Points to a participating Frequent Flyer Program or Frequent Hotel Guest Program, you first need to register* your Frequent Flyer Number with us by calling our 24x7 Membership Services Helpline. You can link accounts anytime and there is no limit to the number of partners you can link with. Please allow up to 14 days for us to verify your account. You can then transfer your Membership Rewards Points to your Frequent Flyer Account online.
If you're not enrolled, enroll in online services here , or call us at call us at our Membership Services on the 24 hour Toll Free numbers printed at the back of your Card and we'll process your request for you.
*This service is not applicable for Cardmembers enrolled in Non-Frequent Traveler option.
Can I use my card abroad?
Yes. You will be charged 3.5% of the transaction amount as a mark-up fee for foreign currency transactions.
Discover our tips on how to save money abroad .
Find a type of card to suit your needs
Explore our range of Cards - you're bound to find something to suit your needs and
lifestyle.
Explore Our Cards
(opens new window)
Terms and conditions:
1. Eligible spends do not include cash advances, express cash transactions, drafts made from the Account, balance transfers and fees. Statement Credit will be given within 10 working days of completion of eligible spends.
2. For example, for a spend of Rs. 50 on an eligible merchant the Cardmember will get 10 Membership Rewards® points (if merchant is under 10X category) and 5 Membership Rewards® points (if merchant is under 5X category). Under 10X category, 10X Membership Rewards® points will be capped at 500 Points per month per Card Account jointly for Flipkart, Uber, BookMyShow and other merchants put together. 10X Membership Rewards® points will be capped at 500 Points per month per Card Account for Zomato. Under 5X category, 5X Membership Rewards® points will be capped at 250 Points per month per Card Account for Amazon put together. Please note that eligible merchant partners may change from time to time. To view the complete list of merchant partners, please visit amex.co/seccrewards.10X category means Cardmember earns 9 Membership Rewards® points on every Rs.50 spent at participating merchant(s) over and above the regular Membership Rewards® points earn rate applicable on the Card Account. For example, an eligible spend of Rs. 250 will get the Cardmember 5 regular Membership Rewards® points and 45 additional Membership Rewards® points. 5X category means Cardmember earns 4 Membership Rewards® points on every Rs. 50 spent at participating merchant(s) over and above the regular Membership Rewards® points earn rate applicable on the Card Account. For example, an eligible spend of Rs. 250 will get the Cardmember 5 regular Membership Rewards® points and 20 additional Membership Rewards® points.
3. Eligible spends do not include cash advances, express cash transactions, drafts made from the account, balance transfers and fees.
4. Welcome Gift for American Express® Platinum Travel Credit Card is available only in the 1st year on payment of the annual fee and on spending INR 15,000 within 90 days of Cardmembership.
7. 4,000 Bonus Membership Rewards Points, to be awarded as Welcome Gift is available only in the 1st year on payment of the annual fee and on spending INR 15,000 within 90 days of cardmembership.
8. Welcome Gift for American Express® Platinum Reserve SM Credit Card is available only in the 1st year on payment of the annual fee and on spending INR 30,000 within 90 days of cardmembership.
9. For SmartEarn Credit Card Amazon voucher benefit Terms and Conditions, Click here
10. Effective September 1, 2023, access to domestic “The Centurion® American Express Lounges” in Delhi and Mumbai on American Express Platinum Reserve Credit Card is being discontinued.
* Eligible spends do not include cash advances, express cash transaction, draft made from the account, balance transfer, fees and is net of any returns.