AMERICAN EXPRESS® CHARGE CARD -
MOST IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The MITC updated as on 31 March 2026 and circulated by American Express® Banking
Corp. as a part of all Card applications in compliance with Master Circular on Credit Card
Operations of Banks issued by Reserve Bank of India. Cardmember/Cardholder shall
mean any person holding any of the American Express Charge Cards defined herein.
Specific reference is given if any Terms and Conditions are applicable only to a particular
American Express Charge Card. This MITC is to be read along with the application
form, Cardmember Agreement, Cardmember Terms and Conditions and any other
agreement signed and/or accepted by the Cardmember for the full and comprehensive
knowledge and information about the Card products and all the associated charges/ fees,
services, benefits and privileges as applicable available on such Card products. Please
refer to the American Express website americanexpress.co.in/mitc for most updated
Terms and Conditions.
(a) FEES AND CHARGES
(i) Joining fees for Primary Cardholder and for add-on/ supplementary on
Cardholder Such fees and charges may be levied to new Cardmembers in the
future.
(ii) Annual Membership Fee for primary Cardholder and add-on Cardholder(s)
Annual Membership Fee is payable for use of the Basic Card and each Supplementary
Card issued at the request of the Basic Cardmember. Annual Fee is levied every year
at the start of membership year. Annual Fee reductions or waivers may be offered by
American Express Banking Corp. (“American Express”) at its sole discretion.
Product Standard Annual Fee Standard Add-on Card
Fee (Where
Applicable)*
American Express® First Year Fee: ₹66,000 ₹10,000
Platinum Card Second Year onwards ₹66,000
American Express® First Year Fee: ₹1,500
Gold Card ₹1000 Second Year onwards:
₹4500
*Up to 4 Supplementary Cards for the American Express® Platinum Card, 2 Supplementary
Cards for the American Express® Gold Card, post which the standard Supplementary
Card fee will be applicable.
GST or any other taxes as applicable: Any Charges mentioned anywhere in this MITC are
exclusive of the GST or any other taxes as applicable which is billed along with the fee
that appears on the billing statement and is levied as per the applicable GST or any other
taxes as applicable.
(iii) Cash Advance Fee
A Transaction Fee of 3.5% of the Cash Advance amount, subject to a minimum
of ₹250, is levied every time a Cardmember withdraws cash on their Card.
(iv) Service charges levied for certain transactions
Description of Service/Transaction Charges
Service/Transaction
Duplicate Statement Fee ₹100 per statement for paper statements
older than 3 months
Cheque / NACH ₹250 per Returned Instrument
Return Fee
Record of Charge / Summary of Charge ₹100 per Retrieval
Retrieval Fee
Surcharge on Purchase of Railway Ticket 1.8% of the transaction value or minimum
of ₹10+ tax if booked on the internet
(IRCTC) Applicable payment gateway
charges+GST
Convenience Fee on Fuel Purchase •0% for HPCL transaction less than ₹5,000
•1% fee per transaction is applicable for all
HPCL transactions on and above ₹5,000
•1% of the transaction value subject to a
minimum of ₹10 + applicable taxes, will
be charged as Convenience Fee at fuel
stations operated by the Public Sector Oil
Marketing Companies BPCL and IOCL
•2.5% of the transaction value subject
to a minimum of ₹10 + applicable taxes,
will be charged as Convenience Fee at
fuel stations of all other Oil Marketing
Companies (except HPCL, BPCL and
IOCL)
Foreign Currency Transactions Currency Conversion Factor Assessment -
3.50%
GST or any other taxes as applicable and any other applicable cess will be levied as per
the prevailing rate on fee, interest and other service charges as applicable.
Every time there is a change in the Card number or Card credentials (like expiry date/
cvv etc.) due to Card renewal, Card replacement or any other reason; the Cardholders
are required to register again and set fresh standing instructions at the Merchant’s site
International recurring transactions will not be processed effective 1st Oct’21.
Cardmembers are expected to make the payment to the International Merchants directly
whenever due to avoid disruption of services. Token amount of Rs 1 or Rs. 2 may be
debited from your Card to verify the Card details at the time of SI registration. This won’t
be billed to the Cardmember.
^Points will be forfeited for the particular billing cycle / monthly statement in which the
payment is not received in full by the due date.
(v) Due Date
All charges are due immediately upon receipt of our monthly statement, payable by the
due date given on the statement. In the event of no receipt of monthly statement, the
Cardmember is required to make full payment of the Charges within 18 days of incurring
the charge on the basis of Cardmember’s copy of the Record of Charges (ROC), or earlier,
if requested by American Express. Indicative example: For a Monthly Bill Statement dated
13th January, 2014, the total amount payable by the Due Date is ₹12,000. Then, the
Cardmember is required to pay the full amount of ₹12,000 on or before the Payment Due
Date or after 18 days of incurring the charge.
(vi) Finance Charges for both revolving credit and cash advances
On Charge Cards, Cardmembers are not allowed to revolve the overdue balance by
paying Finance Charges. Hence, there are no Finance Charges applicable.
(vii) Interest Free Grace Period
There are no Interest Charges applicable for Charge Card(s). Cardmember can enjoy up
to maximum of 48 days of free credit period unless specifically agreed otherwise between
AEBC and/or Cardmembers.
Illustration: Transaction date: 2nd June, Billing Cycle date: 1st of every month, Payment
due date: 18th July, Interest free period = 2nd June — 18th July = 47 days.
Please note that Delinquency Fee is levied if American Express does not receive payment
in full of the charges shown on the monthly statement by the payment due date.
The Bank shall report a charge Card account as ’overdue’ to credit information companies
(CICs) and levy late payment charge when a charge Card account doesn’t receive full
payment by due date for more than five days.
The details pertaining to Delinquency Fee and illustration thereof are provided herein
under FEES AND CHARGES Section a (ix) Charges in case of default.
(viii) Overdue Interest Charges to be given on monthly and annualized basis
There are no Overdue Interest Charges applicable for the Card.
(ix) Charges in case of default
Delinquency Fee (on overdue account balance)
A Delinquency Fee is levied if American Express does not receive full payment of the
Amount Due (as shown on the monthly statement) by the Due Date. The Delinquency
Fee will be levied at the rate of 5% on the unpaid balance (with a minimum monthly
Delinquency Fee being ₹300), in the next monthly billing statement until the payment is
received in full.
Calculation Methodology will be as follows:
Delinquency fee amount = 5%* (Last Statement Outstanding- Fees & Taxes- Credits
received till payment due date)
Sample Illustration: A Cardmember has a total amount due of ₹20,000 payable by the Due
Date. If the Cardmember does not pay this full amount by the Due Date, the Delinquency
Fee that will appear in the next month’s bill statement will be calculated as: 5%* of ₹20,000
= ₹1,000. Thus, the Cardmember would be charged ₹1,000 + applicable tax, which is the
Delinquency Fee payable.
If the Cardmember does partial payment by the due date, that will be adjusted with the
total outstanding on which the Delinquency fee will be levied and Delinquency fee that will
appear in the next month’s Bill Statement will be calculated as: Total Outstanding ₹20,000,
Payment made ₹10,000 by due date, Delinquency fee = 5% *(₹20,000- ₹10,000) = 5%*
₹10,000 = ₹500 + applicable tax.
(b) DRAWAL LIMITS
(i) Credit Limit and (ii) Available Credit Limit
There is no preset spending limit on the Charge Card. “No PreSet Limit” does not mean
spending is unlimited. American Express approves charges (spends done at Merchant
Establishments in India or overseas) based on the declared financials, spending pattern,
credit record and Account history. American Express reserves the absolute right to deny
authorisation for any requested charge
The Cardmember can call up the helpline (refer to c (vi) to understand the amount they
may spend on the Card.
(ii) Cash Withdrawal Limit
The Cardmember will be able to use the Card to access cash from select ATM (Automated
Teller Machine) worldwide. The cash withdrawal limits are as below:
Product Cash Withdrawal Limit
American Express Platinum Card Cash withdrawal Overseas - US$750 or its
equivalent every 14 days
American Express Gold Card Cash withdrawal Overseas - US$129 or its
equivalent every 14 days
(iii) Please be aware that Cash withdrawal services on your American Express Card
have been temporarily suspended in India. However, you may still avail the service in
international locations.
(c) BILLING
(i) Billing Statements Periodicity and Mode of Sending
American Express will send Cardmember a statement identifying all purchases, Cash
Advances, Fee and all other Charges, payments and Credits to the Account once a
month. Non-receipt of the statement for any reason whatsoever is not a valid reason for
non-payment of the payment due. Should the Cardmember not receive the statement
within 10 days from the date of their usual Statement Date, the Cardmember should
call American Express (refer section c(vi)} to check the amount payable. The statement
of Account will be sent to Cardmembers through courier/regular post or through an
online link on the Cardmembers’ registered email address with American Express.
Cardmembers can also register online and view the Card statements online by logging
on to americanexpress.co.in. If Cardmember has opted for E statement notification and
same fails due to incorrect /incompIete email Id and the email ID is not corrected post
notification from the bank, Statement preference would be changed to Paper statement.
Cardmember can update their email Id by logging in to their online account or via the
mobile app. Alternatively, can call helpline to get their email ID updated and further enroll
into E statement. However, there may be no statement generated for the period in which
there has been no outstanding due and no transaction on the Account in the past month.
(ii) View Card Account Statement Online
You can access your Card Account at the click of a button by registering at americanexpress.
co.in and view your current balance anytime, get a paperless statement and make a
payment from anywhere.
(iii) Minimum Amount Payable
Cardmembers are required to pay the full amount as shown in the Statement of Account
by the Payment Due Date. If they fail to do so, charges may be levied as per section a (ix).
The payment should not exceed the Total Amount Due. If there is a credit balance on
the Card account, please promptly request a refund of the same by contacting us at the
number on the back of your Card, or via the Chat option on the Mobile App to transfer the
amount to your bank account. Please keep your NEFT details handy when placing this
request.
(iv) Method of Payment
Cardmember has to remit the payment, in Indian Rupees, by the due date.
Cardmember to maintain sufficient balance in their Bank account to avoid levying of bounce
charges, for payment done via Cheque/Direct Debit. Payment to the Card account can be
remitted by any of these convenient methods:
• National Electronic Funds Transfer (NEFT) - Make a payment towards your
Account via NEFT / IMPS / RTGS mentioning the full 15-digit Card number.
The NEFT details are as follows: IFSC Code: SCBL0036020
Name of Bank & Branch: Standard Chartered Bank, Narain Manzil, 23
Barakhamba Road, New Delhi - 110001 Account Type: Current
Payee Account No.: 37XXXXXXXXXXXXX (XX represents the last 13 digits of
your Card number)
• Direct Debit - You may also enroll for direct debit every month from your Bank
account and credit the Card Account through the National Automated Clearing
House System(NACH) introduced by the National Payments Corporation of
India (NPCI)
• Online - Pay your Card bill, online anywhere, any time in three simple steps.
Just logon to americanexpress.co.in Click on ‘Pay your bill now’. Fill in your
Card details and the bank account from which you would like to make the
payment
• RUPAY/UPI/UPI QR Code - We also accept payments through following
electronic modes:
(i) Debit Card powered by RuPay;
(ii) Unified Payments Interface (UPI) (BHIM -UPI); and
(iii) Unified Payments Interface Quick Response Code (UPI QR Code) (BHIM- UPI
QR Code).
• By Cheque/Draft- A crossed cheque/draft payable to AEBC Card No. 37XX
XXXXXX XXXXX and mention your name and contact number at the back of
the cheque by :
(A) Drop Box- For locations, please log on to ‘americanexpress.co.in’ to find the
nearest dropbox.
(B) By Mail- Please send a crossed cheque/draft with payment advise to the
following address:
American Express Banking Corp., Cyber City, Tower C, DLF Bldg. No.8, Sector
25, DLF City Ph II, Gurgaon - 122002 (Haryana)
Mode of Clearing Time Frame
Local clearing* 4/6 working days
*Subject to local clearing house In case of Bank Holiday, the
timings for presentation of outward above- mentioned time frame may
clearing. be extended by another 2 days or
more.
Cheques presented in Metro and 10 working days
other locations where American
Express Banking Corp. (‘AMEX’)
Partner Bank is having their
branches but drawee bank/branch
not available/participating in local
clearing/CTS Grid clearing.
Such cheques to be sent directly
to respective AMEX’s Partner Bank
locations for presentation under local
clearing/ CTS Grid Clearing
Cheques payable at any other 12 working days
locations
Cheques payable at all other Centers 16 working days
Time frame for credit of cheque:
• For local clearing, drop boxes are cleared on a daily basis and latest by 4
pm, the collected cheques are deposited at the processing center of Standard
Chartered Bank. In case of couriered cheques, the timeline for clearing cheque
will be post receiving the cheque at AMEX’s above mentioned Gurgaon
address.
Above time frame is not applicable for any discrepant cheques e.g. account
number not available, title differs etc. Credit limit would be refreshed upon
realization of cheque effective November 1, 2021.
• Please note that RBI vide its directive DPSS(Che)/ 569 /01.02.003/2017-18
dated June 21st, 2018 has reduced the frequency of the clearing sessions of
cheques that are not compliant with CTS-2010 standards. Additionally, post
December 31st 2018, non CTS compliant cheques will be discontinued/not
accepted. Therefore, if payments to your Card accounts are made through
non CTS compliant cheques, your Credit Card account may be levied with
appropriate penal charges and levies. We encourage you to make payments
via CTS compliant cheques to ensure timely processing of your cheques.
In the event a cheque or an instrument accepted for collection is lost in transit or
in the clearing process or at the paying bank’s branch, AMEX shall immediately
upon learning of the loss, bring the same to the notice of the Cardmember so
that the Cardmember can inform the drawer to record stop payment and also
take care of the cheques. In line with the compensation policy of AMEX, upon
receiving a written request from the Cardmember, AMEX may compensate
the Cardmember through reversal of applicable late payment fee and finance
charges for any delayed collection at its discretion.
Please note:
1. Payments to the Card account can only be made from a bank account in the
primary Cardmember’s name.
2. Payments made to an American Express Card issued in India held by a non-
resident of India must be made through an NRE/NRO account in the primary
Cardmember’s name only.
3. AMEX is not obligated to process, nor provide any guarantees/warranties for
any payment made by a Cardmember through a payment aggregator that does
not appear on the AMEX website or mobile application.
(v) Billing Disputes Resolution
Any clarifications or queries on the monthly statement of the Card Account must be
informed to American Express by Calling into the 24-hour Customer Services Helpline
numbers (refer to c(vi)) or submitted to American Express in writing within 60 days
of the statement date. American Express would take reasonable steps to assist the
Cardmember by providing information in relation to their queries on the Card Account.
American Express may charge a reasonable administrative fee for statement reprints or
Record of Charge forms. In case of Cardmember billing disputes/transaction disputes
including unauthorized transaction notified by the customer, American Express follows
its dispute resolution policy whereby a temporary or permanent suspension credit, as
per American Express’s internal policy, is applied on the disputed transaction and the
case is investigated for the dispute, which is closed within 30 days. On being notified
by the customer, American Express shall credit of the amount involved in the fraudulent
transaction to the customer’s Card account within 10 working days from the date of such
notification by the customer.
As a result of the abovementioned creditsuspension, the disputed transaction amount is
not included in the overdue balance for the purposes of reporting to Central Repository
of Information on Large Credits (CRILC) constituted by the Reserve Bank of India
(RBI), Credit Information Companies (CICs) established under the Credit Information
Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005 and to the Information Utilities (IUs) established under
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, till such time that dispute is settled. In case
the dispute is not settled in favor of the customer, the disputed amount gets debited on the
Card account, which is followed by sending a written communication to the Cardmember
and subsequent release of necessary information to the above mentioned regulatory
authorities.
Fulfillment of Membership Reward points is dependent on the information submitted by
the Merchant. For any concerns with regards to the reward points, Cardmember should
contact the customer care.
(vi) Contact particulars of 24-hour Call Centers
Should the Cardmember require any assistance, Bank’s 24-Hours call center can be
contacted at the numbers mentioned below:
PRODUCT 24 hours Call Centre Numbers
18001801255, 0124 670
American Express Platinum Card 2600,18004191255
0124-673 6950
American Express Gold Card 0124 673 6600, 18004191120
(vi) Grievances Redressal Escalation Contact particulars of officers to be contacted
In the event that you are not satisfied with our services, you may register your
grievance to:
First Level Escalation Second Level Escalation
Ms. Priyameet Kaur
Manager - Executive Correspondence Head of Customer Service American
Unit American Express Banking Corp. Express Banking Corp.
Cyber City, Tower C, DLF Bldg No.8, Cyber City, Tower C, DLF Bldg No.8,
Sector 25, DLF City Ph II Sector25, DLF City Ph II Gurgaon —
Gurgaon — 122002 (Haryana) 122002 (Haryana)
Telephone No. 0124-6702523 Telephone No. 0124-6702527
(Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5:00 pm) (Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5:00 pm)
Email: Manager- E mail: Head-
CustomerServicesindia@aexp.com CustomerServicesindia@aexp.com
Nodal Officer
Name: Ms. Garima Chandel
E-mail ID: AEBCNodaIOfficer@aexp.com
Telephone no: 0124-6702638
(Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5:00 pm)
Address: American Express Banking Corp.
Cyber City, Tower “C”, DLF Bldg. No.8, Sector - 25,
DLF City Phase - II, Gurgaon - 122002 (Haryana)
Principal Nodal Details
Name: Mr. Ashish Pandey
E-mail ID: pnoindia@aexp.com
Telephone No.: 0124-6702638
(Available from Monday to Friday, 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM)
American Express Banking Corp.,
Cyber City, Tower “C”, DLF Bldg. No. 8, Sector – 25, DLF City Phase – II,
Gurgaon – 122002, Haryana.
If you are not satisfied with redressal of the complaint provided by Bank or if you
have not received a response from Bank within one month i.e. 30 days of logging a
complaint with us, you may approach the Office of Banking Ombudsman for Grievance
Redressal. The complaint can be made to the Office of Banking Ombudsman with
the complete transaction and other requisite details. (The 30 day period will be
reckoned after all the necessary information sought from the customer is received)
https://rbidocs.rbi.org.in/rdocs/content/pdfs/RBIOS2021_121121.pdf for salient features /
details on the Integrated Banking Ombudsman Scheme.
Integrated Banking Ombudsman Contact Details
Link to log a complaint : https://cms.rbi.org.in
E-mail ID : mailto:crpc@rbi.org.in
Address: Centralised receipt and Processing Center (CRPC),
Reserve Bank of India, 4th Floor, Sector 17, Chandigarh 160017
Toll Free Number: 14448 (9:30 am to 5:15 pm)
Our endeavor is to ensure that all customer complaints are resolved within 30 days.
The 30 day period will be reckoned after all the necessary information sought from the
customer is received.
For more details, please visit
https://www.americanexpress.com/in/legal/customer-complaint-grievance-redressal-
policy.html
(vii) Complete Postal Address of the Card Issuing Bank
American Express Banking Corp., Cyber City, Tower C, DLF Bldg. No. 8,
Sector25, DLF City Phase II, Gurgaon-122002.
(viii) Charges in Foreign Currency
If you make a Charge in a currency other than Indian Rupees, that Charge will be converted
into Indian Rupees. The conversion will take place on the date the Charge is processed
by overseas American Express, which may not be the same date on which you made
your Charge as it depends on when the Charge was submitted to American Express. If
the Charge is not in U.S. Dollars, the conversion will be made through U.S. Dollars, by
converting the Charge amount into U.S. Dollars and then by converting the U.S. Dollar
amount into Indian Rupees. If the Charge is in U.S. Dollars, it will be converted directly
into Indian Rupees. Unless a specific rate is required by applicable law, you understand
and agree that the overseas American Express treasury system will use conversion rates
based on interbank rate that it selects from customary industry source on the business
day prior to the processing date, increased by a foreign currency conversion mark up
of 3.5%. If Charges are converted by third parties prior to being submitted to American
Express, any conversions made by those third parties will be at rates selected by them.
Please note that if the charge is made in Nepal and Bhutan, currency conversion factor is
not applicable as such charge will be denominated in Indian Rupees to the Cardmembers.
For more details, please refer to:
https://www.americanexpress.com/content/dam/amex/in/legal/notice-board/General-
overview-of-limits-on-Foreign-Exchange-Transactions.pdf
(ix) Customer Compensation Policy
As a Bank, we have a Customer Compensation Policy, the objective of which is, to
establish a system whereby the Bank compensates the customer for any financial loss
he/she might incur due to deficiency in service by the Bank or any act of omission or
commission directly attributable to the Bank. The policy includes the following aspects:
1. Erroneous Debits arising out of fraudulent or other transactions
2. Payment of interest for delayed credit to account
3. Issue of unsolicited Cards
4. Violation of Bank’s Code by its agents
5. Other unauthorized actions of the bank leading to a financial loss to customer.
For the detailed policy, please refer the section “Our Codes & Policies“ on the American
Express website http://www.americanexpress.com/in/legal/our-codes-and-policies.html
(d) DEFAULT AND CIRCUMSTANCES
(i) Disclosure: Being a Scheduled Commercial Bank, American Express Banking
Corp., is legally obligated to (i) diclose/report/share/receive Credit I n f o r m a t i o n /
Financial Information pertaining to its Credit Information/Financial Information pertaining
to Cardmembers to Central Repository of Information on Large Credits (CRILC)
constituted by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Credit Information Companies (CICs)
established under the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005 and to
the Information Utilities (IUs) established under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016. AEBC hereby informs the Cardmembers that the Ban shall be reporting Credit
Information/ Financial Information (positive and / or negative) pertaining to the account
from time to time to the aforesaid institutions to disseminate Credit formation/Financial
Information as stipulated under the aforesaid laws / regulations. Adverse reporting to
the aforesaid institutions can adversely affect Cardmembers’ credit score / credit rating
and further impact servicing of their existing financial facilities and / or the prospect of
securing financial facilities from other Banks/ Financial Institutions; (ii) disclose/report/
share/receive Credit Information/Financial Information and other information including
“Personal information” and/or “Sensitive personal data or information” as provided
under the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and
Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules 2011 (the “Indian Privacy Rules”), to / from
the RBI, other regulators, courts, tribunals, arbitral tribunals, judicial and quasi-judicial
bodies, governmental agencies, law enforcement agencies /instrumentaIities of State and
Central Government such as, but not limited to, the Financial Intelligence Unit — India,
Directorate of Enforcement, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the police and
other departments/agencies and any other institutions / authorities established under
the legal framework and / or in order to comply with the requirements stipulated under
any of the applicable laws / regulations to facilitate discharge of AEBC’s / their obligations
under the relevant laws / regulations; (iii) download / upload / update information including
Know Your Customer (KYC) documents / information to / from / with, Central Registry
of Securitisation Asset Reconstruction and Security Interest of India (CERSAI). Further,
AEBC may disclose/report/share Cardmember’s Credit Information/Financial Information/
KYC Information, Card data (including transaction data) and other information including
"Personal information" and/or “Sensitive personal data or information” as provided by
the Cardmember in the application form or thereafter, or obtained by AEBC from any
other source, to (a) its outsourcing partners (including its group /associate/ affiliate/
subsidiary entities/any other entities) with which AEBC has contractual arrangement/
tie-up arrangement for maintaining and servicing the Cardmembers, Card operations,
backend operations pertaining to its Card business or for provision of technology
service(s) or for providing various offers, benefits, features and other services/products
to its Cardmembers; (b) its parent entity i.e., American Express Banking Corp., New
York (as AEBC operates in India as a branch of American Express Banking Corp., New
York); (c) marketing agencies and/or for marketing purposes provided Cardmembers
have explicitly authorised/permitted AEBC in this regard; and (d) industry associations
(excluding PII) for the purposes of analyzing trends in relation to various aspects related
to the card business or industry. In all the above cases (except in case of reporting to
the CIC’s as mentioned above, AEBC will provide advance notice to the Cardmembers
as required under the extant guidelines /regulations), AEBC shall disclose/report/share/
receive Credit Information/Financial Information/KYC Information/ Card data (including
transaction data) and other information including “Personal Information” and/or “Sensitive
personal data or information” as mentioned above without any additional notice/intimation
to the Cardmembers and in all other instances of disclosure/sharing, AEBC shall seek
approval from Cardmembers.
The privacy of information providers is of utmost importance to American Express. We
are committed to adhering to the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices
and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules 2011 (the “Indian
Privacy Rules”). Our Data Privacy Principles explains the way American Express and
its employees, partners and vendors will collect, use, store, share, transmit, delete or
otherwise process (collectively “process”) Personal Information in India in accordance
with its Data Protection & Privacy Principles.
Cardmember voluntarily submits at their own discretion the physical / e-copy of the
document (including proof of possession of Aadhaar number), which contains the details
of their identification and/or address and/or any other personal or sensitive personal
information, in a format as provided by the issuing authority/ies, to AEBC for the purpose
of verifying their identity/address and any other information provided by Cardmember in
accordance with the extant guidelines. Cardmember voluntarily gives explicit consent to
AEBC for collection, processing, storage, verification and authentication of the documents
and/or information provided by them as per extant regulations under any Act or law from
time to time in force, towards issuance of a credit Card / for periodic KYC updation / to
process their instructions etc. for the said purpose in their individual capacity or as an
authorized signatory or as a beneficial owner, as the case may be. The aforementioned
shall be read and understood in conjunction with the American Express® India Online
Privacy Statement and the Cardmember declares that all the information voluntarily
furnished is true, correct and complete.
For details of the American Express Privacy Policy and to know how we collect, process
& store the information, please log on to: -
https://www.americanexpress.com/in/legal-disclosures/privacy-statement.html
In case of any update in the documents submitted by the Cardmember at the time of
establishment of business relationship / account-based relationship and thereafter, as
necessary; Cardmember shall submit to American Express the update of such documents
within 30 days of the update of the documents
(ii) Procedure (including notice period) for reporting a Cardholder as defaulter A Card
Account would be overdue or in default due to one or more of the following circumstances:
• Cheque/NACH payments/NEFT that are not honoured for the full amount
• Failure to pay the full amount by the Due Date (as on the Card Account
Statement)
• If any statement made by the Cardmember to American Express in connection
with their Card was false or misleading
• For failure to comply with the Terms & Conditions of the American Express
Card
• If a petition for Cardmember’s bankruptcy is issued or if any attempt is made
by any other creditor to seize any of their property.
• If Cardmember’s Account is in default, American Express requires them to
pay immediately all sums outstanding on his Account and American Express
reserves the right to cancel the Card.
Notification to Cardmember of Credit Information Companies (CICs) as authorised by
The Reserve Bank of India reporting at the time of overdue status
(iii) Procedure for withdrawal of default updating credit information report and the
period within which the default report would be withdrawn after settlement of dues
In the event the customer settles his/her dues after having been reported as defaulter, the
Card issuer shall update the status within 30 days from the date of settlement.
(iv) Recovery procedure in case of default/account overdue
Bank uses the following follow up and recovery channels in case of default:
• Letters: Letter might be sent at the mailing address provided by the
Cardmember to inform them on their overdue amount, payment due dates
and the subsequent delinquency fee levied as well as the consequences of
nonpayment
• Telephone: Cardmember might be contacted at mobile/office/residence
telephone numbers to check the status of the payments and to inform them of
their overdue amounts
• Field visitation: Visit by an Authorized Recovery Personnel appointed by the
Bank Would be done at the Contact address of the Cardmember. The Recovery
Personnel would advise the Cardmember for regularizing their overdue Account
and would also address any issues / concerns that the Cardmember may have
on their Card Account
• Legal Recourse: Legal recourse might be resorted in exceptional situations,
in the event of advance stages of Cardmember’s default.
It is the Cardmember’s responsibility to update any change in his/her contact details with
the Bank. If the Cardmember contacts the Bank from any alternate number(s) regarding
any inquiry/information/details pertaining to his/her Card account(s), the Bank reserves
the right to store his/her alternate contact number. In case of default, if the Bank is unable
to contact the Cardmember at the primary contact details provided earlier, the Bank will
access the alternate contact number(s) stored, if any, in the Bank’s repository and use it
to contact the Cardmember.
(v) Recovery of dues in case of death/permanent incapacitance of Cardholder
American Express offers a waiver of outstandings upto INR 50,000 on the Card in case of
death of the Basic Cardmember. If the outstanding amount is more than ₹50,000, letters
and telephone follow up will be done with the next of kin of the deceased, informing them
about the deceased Cardmember’s outstanding amount and advising them to regularise
the Account.
(vi) Available Insurance cover for Cardholder and date of activation of policy
Insurance benefits are provided by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. and is
subject to the Terms & Conditions of cover. The Cardmember’s nominee(s) is/are
requested to settle insurance claims with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd.
directly. Basic Cardmember needs to fill-up the nomination form to appoint nominee(s)
for this insurance cover and submit to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. directly.
It is the responsibility of the Cardmember to file with the insurance company the duly
filled nomination form as applicable. The nomination form is provided along with the Card
welcome pack. Please call us in case you require a copy of the insurance form. The
Cardmembers can register for Overseas Medical Insurance by contacting ICICI Lombard
GIC Ltd by sending SMS OMI to 575758 or email at delhitravel@icicilombard.com
Insurance Cover is not available for Supplementary Cardholders other than as mentioned
below.
Card Covers Detail of Cover Primary Supplementar
Card Sum y Sum Insured
Insured (INR)
(INR)
American Air Accident Covers death 5,00,00,000 N/A
Express® (Ticketed on due to air
Platinum Card Platinum Card) accident, if air
ticket is bought
on the Platinum
Card
Loss of In the event of 50,000 50,000
checked-in total and
baggage- complete loss
International* of baggage,
market value
of the
baggage
contents will
be reimbursed
up to the limit
of the sum
insured
(covers
cruises also)
Loss of R e i m b u r s e m 50,000 50,000
Passport/Docs ent of charges
and fees
incurred in
replacement
documents up
to the limit of
sum insured
Loss of Loss of In the event 50,000 50,000
accompanied accompanied of total and
baggage- baggage- complete loss
Domestic Domestic of baggage,
market value
of the
baggage
contents will
be reimbursed
Delayed In case of delay 50,000 50,000
checked in of baggage
baggage- by more than
International* 12 hours
emergency
purchases
of basic
essentials, up
to a maximum
of the sum
insured will be
reimbursed
Overseas Overseas US$ 50,000 N/A
Medical Medical
Insurance Insurance for
the first seven
days of your trip
American Death due to Covers death 30,00,000 N/A
Express® Gold Air Accident due to air
Card (when ticket is accident
booked on
American
Express Card)
*Any flight of an International or National Airline for an international inbound flight to
Republic of India is not covered.
(vii) Date of Activation of Policy
This policy, by default, gets activated on the day your Card application is approved by
AEBC. The Basic Cardmember’s nominee(s) becomes automatically eligible for the
insurance benefits, subject to timely payment of the annual Fee by the basic Cardmember
and subject to the Terms & Conditions of cover. The benefit remains available as long as
Card Account remains live and in good standing. Insurance benefits are provided by
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. and the Cardmember’s nominee(s) is/
are requested to settle insurance claims with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd.
directly.
(e) TERMlNATION / REVOCATION OF CARDMEMBERSHIP
(i) If your Card is not activated within 37 days of Card approval, it will be cancelled.
(ii) Procedure for surrender of Card by Cardholder due notice
Any Cardmember, at their discretion, can surrender or terminate Cardmembership at
anytime. All outstanding amounts will immediately become due. The Cardmember may
call at Bank’s 24-hour helpline (Card Service) phone number (refer to c (vi)) or make
a written request to American Express (refer to c (vii)). The termination of Card will
only be effective when American Express receives all such Cards (issued for use on
the Account) cut into half and the payment of all amounts outstanding in respect of the
Account. Cardmember can cancel the use of a charge Card by Supplementary charge
Cardmember by notifying American Express in writing but will remain liable for all Charges
incurred by the Supplementary charge Cardmember up to the date of receipt of notice by
American Express.
(iii) American Express can terminate the Cardmember Agreement and cancel your Card
at any time on immediate notice or at any time to restrict the use of the charge Card
without giving reason or cause. Where American Express terminates the Cardmember
Agreement, all monies outstanding on the Account (including Charges or Cash Advances
not yet debited) will become due and payable immediately. American Express may inform
Establishments of cancelled Cards. If the Card is cancelled, the Cardmember must
destroy the Card by cutting in half. The Cardmember agrees not to use the Card after it
has been cancelled. All your outstanding amounts will immediately become due.
(iv) Once a Card is cancelled or blocked (including but not limited to cases where the
Card product is being migrated to a new product), it shall not be valid for further use with
immediate effect, and any transaction including but not limited to recurring transactions/
standing instruction on the Card will be declined. If the Card is cancelled
or blocked, kindly destroy the Card by cutting in half.
Additionally, please take appropriate steps to cancel any standing instructions that you
may have opted for on such Card.
(v) American Express may offer a re-instatement to the Cardmember under the following
conditions. In case Cardmember had attritted voluntarily and comes back requesting for
the membership within 1 year of cancellation. If American Express has cancelled the
Card Account (due to default reasons), then an evaluation based on company’s policies
and procedures will be undertaken at customer’s request. Once a Card is cancelled or
blocked (including but not limited to cases where the Card product is being migrated to a
new product), it shall not be valid for further use with immediate effect, and any transaction
including but not limited to recurring transactions/standing instruction on the Card will be
declined. If the American Express Platinum Card is cancelled or blocked, kindly return
them to American Express at the following address: American Express Banking Corp.,
Cyber City, Tower C, DLF Bldg. No. 8, Sector 25, DLF City Phase II, Gurgaon-122002.
Additionally, please take appropriate steps to cancel any standing instructions that you
may have opted for on such Card. If the American Express Gold Card is cancelled or
blocked, kindly cut the Card in your possession into two halves and dispose it off carefully.
(f) LOSS/THEFT/MISUSE OF CARD
(ii) Procedure to be followed in case of loss/theft/misuse of Card mode of
intimation to Card issuer
The Cardmember must notify American Express immediately if the Credit Card
is lost, stolen, mutilated, not received when due or if he suspects that the
Credit Card is being used without his permission. In the case of any fraudulent
transaction due to misuse of the Card, the Cardmember must immediately file
a First Information Report (FIR) with the police station nearest to the place
of occurrence and file a detailed report with American Express enclosing a
copy of the FIR. If the lost Credit Card is subsequently received, it must not
be used. The Replacement Credit Card and subsequent renewals of it must
be used instead. The retrieval of the original Credit Card must immediately be
reported to American Express and kindly cut the Card in your possession into
two halves and dispose of it judiciously.
(iii) Liability of Cardmember in case of (i) above
Provided that the Cardmember has acted in good faith, their liability to American
Express arising out of any unauthorised use of the Credit Card/Charge Card
shall be nil if American Express receives the report within 3 working days of the
fraud. If the fraud is reported beyond 3 working days then the maximum liability
of the customer will be limited to INR 1,000. A Cardmember’s entitlement to
zero liability shall arise where the unauthorised transaction occurs in the event
of contributory fraud/negligence / deficiency on the part of American Express
(irrespective of whether or not the transaction is reported by the Cardmember).
The security features adopted and implemented by American Express are of
international standards robust enough to protect and safeguard Cardmember
data from unauthorised access, and are currently a substitute to PCI DSS
Certification mandated by the RBI. American Express shall however bear the
fraud losses for any suffered by the Cardmembers arising out of American
Express not obtaining the PCI DSS Certification.
For enhanced customer protection, American Express does not allow
transactions on fallback/magstripe mode in India.
(v) Cardmembers can call the 24 hour Helpline phone numbers [refer to c(vi)]
to inform about this loss or theft. Cardmember can also block the Card by
logging in to MYCA or Mobile App using the “Replace or Track your Card”
option. To directly access My Card Account/ website link, please login here
https://www.americanexpress.com/en-in/account/login?inav=in utility login
(vi) The security features adopted and implemented by American Express with
respect to its Mobile Application are of international standards which are robust
enough to protect and safeguard Cardmembers from frauds/unauthorised
access. American Express shall however bear fraud losses suffered by the
Cardmembers arising out of any established lapses in the security features
around mobile application, provided that Cardmember has acted in good faith.
(g) Outsourcing of Financial Services
The Bank may outsource/assign activities (including the sales, marketing, servicing,
backend operations, technology services, etc.) pertaining to its products and operations to
any service provider, whether located in India or overseas and whether to any of the Banks’
affiliates or a third party, at its sole discretion, in accordance with the applicable guidelines
of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The Bank reserves the right to provide details of
Cardmember’s Account, Credit Information/Financial Information/ KYC Information, Card
data (including transaction data) and other information including "Personal information"
and/or “Sensitive personal data or information” to such service providers for the purpose
of availing outsourced services of any nature by the Bank, in accordance with its data
privacy policy.
(h) SAFE CUSTODY OF CARD AND PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (PIN)
Cardmember shall not record the PIN in any form so as to facilitate the PIN coming to
the knowledge of any third party or share or reveal the PIN with anyone, including family
members, friends, or relatives or with American Express customer service representatives,
officials or merchants. American Express will never ask you for your PIN. Additionally, you
should not write down the PIN anywhere and should not keep the Card and PIN in the
same place, such as a wallet or a purse. Please shield your PIN while entering it at an
ATM or POS machines. Cardmember shall at all times take all the appropriate measures
to keep the Card safe and secure including those as mentioned herein, to maintain safe
custody of the Card and the security of the PIN. If the Cardmember fails to observe
the security requirements, he/she may incur liability. Cardmember will not hold American
Express liable in case of any improper/fraudulent/unauthorised use of the Card and/ or
the PIN and American Express will not be liable for any consequences arising out of or
associated with such improper/fraudulent/unauthorised use/ misuse of the Card by any
third party due to access of the Card/Card details to any such third party or due to sharing
of PIN or the PIN coming to the knowledge of any third party, with or without the knowledge
of the Cardmember. If any third parties gain access to the services, the Card Account or
incur charges on the Card, the Cardmember will be solely liable and responsible for the
same and shall indemnify American Express against any liability, claims, demands, costs
or damages arising out of such misuse/use by third parties and shall be compensated
subject to the extant guidelines as issued from time to time.
(i) Contactless Payment
Cards issued by AEBC are equipped to enable Contactless payments. Payment through
the Contactless mode is allowed for a maximum of INR 5,000* for a single transaction
without entering a PIN. Any transaction for an amount more than INR 5,000* should be
authenticated using a PIN, either by Tap + PIN or Chip + PIN. However, it is not a mandated
requirement to use the contactless mode for payments. If preferred, customers have the
option to make all Card present payments as contact transactions using Chip +PIN,
irrespective of the transaction value. Please refer to americanexpress.co.in/contactless
for further details.
I understand that the American Express Card issued to me will be enabled for Contactless
Payment, and understand the technology, its use and the risks associated with making
payments through Contactless mode.
*Please be advised that few of our merchant terminals are still undergoing the upgrade
process, to support Contactless Transactions upto INR 5000, without PIN authentication.
We regret inconvenience, caused, if any, during this transition period.
(j) Transaction Alerts
Cardmembers understand that the transaction alert SMS sent to them might have a
truncated name (first 12 characters only) of the Merchant establishment. They may refer
to the corresponding email (if registered) / statement of account for the complete merchant
name.
(k) Process for closure of Inactive Cards
In case of non-use i.e. no activity / transaction on the Card during the preceding one
year, AEBC will close the concerned Card(s) and linked Supplementary Card(s). The
Cardmember will be sent an intimation and may provide his/her consent to AEBC to
continue his/her Cardmembership. If the Cardmember does not provide such consent
within 30 calendar days of first intimation, via the channel of communication that AEBC
may choose, then AEBC will close such Cards. AEBC will notify such Cardmembers in
writing after the Card has been closed.
(l) SMA and NPA Classification and Upgradation
As per the Prudential Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets and Prudential norms
on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning pertaining to Advances
issued by RBI and amendments thereto from time to time, banks are required to classify
the borrowers as special mention accounts (SMA) and Non-performing Assets (NPA) if
the overdue is not paid on the due date fixed by the bank as per the categories mentioned
in the below table:
Categories Basis for classification — Principal or interest payment or
any other amount wholly or partly overdue
SMA-0 Up to 30 days
SMA-1 More than 30 days and up to 60 days
SMA-2 More than 60 days and up to 90 days
NPA More than 90 days
The borrower accounts are flagged as overdue as part of day-end processes for the due
date. Similarly, classification of borrower accounts as SMA as well as NPA is done as part
of day-end process for the relevant date and the SMA or NPA classification date is the
calendar date for which the day end process is run.
Example: If due date of a loan account is March 31, 2021, and full dues are not received
before the lending institution runs the day-end process for this date, the date of overdue
shall be March 31, 2021. If it continues to remain overdue, then this account shall get
tagged as SMA-1 upon running day-end process on April 30, 2021
i.e. upon completion of 30 days of being continuously overdue. Accordingly, the date of
SMA-1 classification for that account shall be April 30, 2021.
Similarly, if the account continues to remain overdue, it shall get tagged as SMA-2 upon
running day-end process on May 30, 2021 and if continues to remain overdue further, it
shall get classified as NPA upon running day-end process on June 29, 2021.
Further, the borrower account classified as NPAs are upgraded as ‘standard’ asset only if
entire arrears of interest and principal are paid by the borrower.
In case of Cardmember billing disputes/transaction disputes, American Express follows
its dispute resolution policy/procedures whereby a temporary suspension is applied on
the disputed transaction and case is investigated for the dispute and the dispute is closed.
As a result of temporary suspension, the disputed transaction amount is not included in
the overdue balance for the purposes of reporting to Central Repository of Information on
Large Credits (CRILC) constituted by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Credit Information
Companies (CICs) established under the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act,
2005, Information Utilities (IUs) established under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016, debt collection agencies and classification of borrower accounts as SMA as well as
NPA, till such time that dispute is settled.
In case of restructuring:
1. The accounts classified as standard are immediately downgraded as non- performing
assets (NPAs) and NPAs would continue to have the same asset classification as prior to
restructuring; unless otherwise specified by RBI.
2. Conditions for Upgrade
a.) For MSME accounts where aggregate exposure of the lenders is less than ₹25 crores:
An account may be considered for upgradation to ‘standard’ only if it demonstrates
satisfactory performance during the specified period.
b.) For all other accounts that are not MSME: An account will be upgraded only when
all the outstanding loan/facilities in the account demonstrate ‘satisfactory performance’
during the period from the date of implementation of Resolution Plan (RP) up to the date
by which at least 10 per cent of the sum of outstanding principal debt as per the RP and
interest capitalization sanctioned as part of the restructuring, if any, is repaid.
c.) Other regulatory guidelines with regard to upgrade of an account may also apply on
certain accounts as per applicable laws.
These instructions on SMA / NPA classification of borrower accounts are applicable to
all loans, including retail loans, irrespective of size of exposure of the lending institution.
For more details, please refer to guidelines published on RBI website: www.rbi.org.in
In addition to the above, please refer to the Cardmember Agreement sent to you along
with your Corporate Card for detailed terms and conditions of the American Express
Corporate Card.
For FAQ’s on IRACP norms, please visit,
https://www.americanexpress.com/content/dam/amex/in/legal/IRAC_faq_MITC.pdf
RCP_MITC_03/26
American Express Banking Corp.,
Cyber City Tower C, DLF Bldg. No. 8, Sector-25, DLF City Ph II,
Gurgaon-122002 americanexpress.co.in