AMERICAN EXPRESS® CREDIT CARD
CARDMEMBER AGREEMENT
IMPORTANT: Before you use the enclosed American Express Credit Card, please read these Terms and Conditions carefully
and thoroughly. If you keep or use the American Express Credit Card, you will be deemed to have unconditionally agreed to
these Terms and Conditions and they will govern your use of the American Express Credit Card. If you do not wish to accept
these Terms and Conditions, please cut the American Express Credit Card in half and return the pieces to us immediately
to the address mentioned on the last page of this document.
1. DEFINITIONS:
In these Terms and Conditions, the following words shall have the respective meanings set out hereunder unless the
context otherwise requires:
“Account” means any American Express Credit Card Account maintained by us under these Terms and Conditions.
“Available Credit Limit” means the credit limit allocated by American Express to Cardmember’s Account inclusive of
all Supplementary Cards less previous balances less all new Charges.
“Basic Credit Cardmember” means the individual in whose name the Account is maintained.
“Cash Advances” means any cash advance obtained by use of a Credit Card, PIN or otherwise authorised by you for
debit to the Account.
“Charge” means a transaction made or Charged with the Credit Card, whether or not a Record of Charge form is
signed, and also includes Cash Advances, Express Cash transactions, drafts made from the Account, Balance
Transfers and fees thereon, interest, taxes as may be applicable and all other amounts you have agreed to pay us
or have agreed to be liable for under these Terms and Conditions.
“Credit Card or American Express Credit Card” means any Basic American Express Credit Card, Additional Credit
Card and the Supplementary Credit Card issued by American Express billed in Indian Rupees which bears the name
and/or has the trademark, or logo or service mark, or the name of American Express on the face of it.
“Credit Limit” means the maximum debit balance permitted on the Account notified by us to you as varied from time
to time.
“Establishment” means any Corporation, Firm, Company, Business, Organization, Public Sector Undertaking,
Government, semi Government body or person that accepts or is willing to accept the Credit Card as a payment
instrument either for purchase of goods or services.
“PAYBACK” means LOYALTY SOLUTIONS & RESEARCH PRIVATE LIMITED (“LSRPL”).
“PAYBACK Loyalty Programme” means the multi-partner customer loyalty programme involving offers of Loyalty
Points and Loyalty Benefits to Members, operated by LSRPL.
“PAYBACK Loyalty Programme Membership” means the membership of the PAYBACK Loyalty Programme Members
to the PAYBACK Loyalty Programme Membership.
“PAYBACK Loyalty Programme Members” means a member of the PAYBACK Loyalty Programme.
“Loyalty Benefits” means, including but not limited to, the promotional offers as well as other benefits provided by
LSRPL and its coalition Partners to the Loyalty Programme Members from time to time.
“Utility Services” are telecommunications which includes providers of landline phones, mobile phones, cable and
other pay TV services, and calling Cards. Fuel includes petrol, diesel, CNG from Oil Marketing Companies (OMC’s).
Other utility services which includes providers of household/domestic electricity, gas and water. These providers can
be government departments and agencies including [local/provincial/state/territory/municipal organizations], public
housing societies and apartment associations.
“Statement” means a monthly statement as specified under Clause 13.1 that would be sent to the Cardmember
through courier or regular post, or any other mode(s) as determined by American Express Banking Corp. in its sole
discretion or an email notification (sent to a customer who has chosen to receive electronic/paperless statements),
for each billing period during which there is any activity or a balance outstanding on the Card Account.
“Electronic/Paperless Statement” means a facility offered by American Express Banking Corp. wherein customers
receive an email notification on their registered email ID, notifying that the monthly Statement of Accounts is ready
and available to view and/or to download from American Express’s website. The customer shall login to the secured
portal to view/download a copy of the monthly Statement of Accounts.
“Payment Due Date” means the date specified in the Statement of Account by which date the Cardmember is
required to make payment of the outstanding in full or in part or at least the minimum amount due.
“PIN” means the personal identification number given by us or chosen by you for use with the Credit Card.
“Supplementary Credit Cardmember” means an individual other than the Basic Credit Cardmember to whom a
Credit Card is issued at the request of the Basic Cardmember and the individual whose Charges are Chargeable to
the Basic Credit Cardmember’s Account.
“Terms and Conditions” means the Terms and Conditions set out herein and by which the use of the Credit Cards
shall be governed and shall include all modifications and supplemental thereto from time to time.
“We”, “our”, “us”, “Amex” and “American Express” mean American Express Banking Corp.
“You” and “your” means the Basic Credit Cardmember or where appropriate the Supplementary Credit Cardmember.
The headings in these Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of
the provisions in these Terms and Conditions. Unless the context otherwise requires or permits, references to the
singular number shall include references to the plural number and vice versa and references to natural persons shall
include bodies corporate.
2. USE OF THE CREDIT CARD 5. CASH ADVANCE/EXPRESS CASH
2.1 Statutory Compliance 5.1 You may be allowed to use the Credit Card to access (i) Cash Advances and (ii) withdrawal from Automated Teller
The Credit Card issued to you can be used in India and overseas. You agree and undertake that the American Express Machines (“ATMs”) from select partner Banks and from other locations as may be offered by us from time to time.
Credit Card issued to you, if used overseas shall be utilised strictly in accordance with the relevant exchange control 5.2 We may issue Express Cash Facility to Cardmembers at our discretion based on financial information provided by
regulations, issued and as amended by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) from time to time. You also agree that in you, your past spending and payment patterns. However, if you wish to obtain Cash withdrawal from ATMs with the
the event you exceed your Foreign Exchange entitlements as per the exchange control guidelines of the RBI, you Credit Card, you may apply for enrollment in the Express Cash facility. To do so, you must complete and submit an
undertake to bring the same immediately to our notice in writing. And in the event of any failure to comply with the enrollment form to the address mentioned on the last page of this document. We may decline your application at our
prevailing exchange control guidelines issued by RBI, you shall be liable for any action under the Foreign Exchange discretion. If we accept your application, you will then be eligible for the Express Cash facility.
Management Act, 1999 as amended, and be debarred from the Credit Card facility either at our instance or by 5.3 You will not be able to obtain Cash withdrawal from ATMs with the Credit Card unless you are enrolled for the
the RBI. Express Cash. You may access up to 20% of your Credit Limit or the Cash withdrawal limit, whichever is lower, by
way of Cash Advances, subject to your available Credit Limit and such Terms and Conditions applicable to Express
The globally valid Credit Card issued to you is valid for payments in Nepal and Bhutan only in Indian Rupees. You Cash transactions. We may vary that percentage from time to time. The applicable interest rate, handling Charges,
agree to comply and if you are the Basic Credit Cardmember, to procure the compliance of all Supplementary transaction Charges and other Terms and Conditions for Express Cash transactions will be communicated to you.
Cardmembers with the exchange control regulations and other applicable laws from time to time in force, which may
be affected by use of the Credit Card. Without prejudice to the foregoing, any payment of such Charges by us will be 6. INSURANCE PURCHASE AND STANDING INSTRUCTION FOR UTILITY BILL PAYMENT ON CREDIT CARD
with full recourse to you and you will not be absolved from liability to make such payment and you will indemnify us 6.1 Subject to laws and regulations, if you use the Credit Card to buy insurance or you give standing instructions to make
in respect of any loss, claim or expense incurred by us as a result of your non compliance with any such regulations. any utility service or other bill payment, you authorise us to pay premium/bill amount for you when due in accordance
with statement forwarded by the insurance/utility service provider. You agree to repay us according to the terms of
2.2 Manner Of Use this Agreement. You must cancel the standing instructions given to your insurance provider/utility service provider
You Must: if you no longer wish the premium/due bill to be Charged to your Credit Card. If your Credit Card Account or the
(a) Sign the Credit Card issued to you in ink as soon as you receive it and before you use it. Credit Card is cancelled, we may stop paying premiums for you. You agree that we will not be liable in any manner
whatsoever for any claim arising out of or in connection with the services and you shall address and sortout all such
(b) Keep the Credit Card number and any PIN secret and both separate from each other.
matters directly with the insurance/utility service provider.
(c) Only use the Credit Card within the validity dates shown on its face.
(d) Not give the Credit Card or your Account number to others or allow them to use it for Charges, identification or 7. DATA PROTECTION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
any other purpose. If you do so, you will be liable for all Charges incurred on the Credit Card as a result. 7.1 The Cardmember authorises American Express to verify information provided by him/her and to receive and
(e) Not use the Credit Card to purchase anything to resell for commercial or business purpose. exchange information about him/her, including requesting reports from the Cardmember’s Bank(s), or Credit
(f) Not return any goods, tickets or services obtained with the Credit Card for a cash refund, but you may return Information Companies (CICs) as authorised by Reserve Bank of India.Cardmember authorises American Express
them to an Establishment for credit to your Account, if that Establishment agrees or is obliged to do so. to exchange, share or part with all the information/data relating to the Cardmember provided by him/her and/or the
details of the Card, if any, issued to any other third party pursuant to American Express arrangement in relation
(g) Not obtain credit to your Account for any reason other than as a refund for goods or services previously to the Card services, as may be required to enable the Cardmember to avail the benefits under the Card and
purchased with the Credit Card. Cardmember shall not hold American Express liable for using/sharing this information. Cardmember understands
(h) You should not overpay on your Credit Card. that the information once shared shall also become the proprietary information of American Express and would be
(i) Not use the Credit Card if a petition for your bankruptcy has been filed unless the petition is withdrawn or if you subject to usage and privacy, data confidentiality policies for safeguarding of the information/data. Cardmember
do not honestly expect to be able to make the minimum required repayment in full on receipt of your monthly declares and undertakes that the Card(s) issued, if used overseas, shall be utilised strictly in accordance with the
statement. relevant Exchange Control Regulations issued and as amended by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), from time to
(j) Pay us in full for any mail order/Telephone/Fax or Internet order purchases that you may incur on the Card in time. Cardmember understands that the Basic Cardmember will be liable for all Charges incurred on the Basic Card,
which case there will be no signed Charge slips available. any Additional Card(s) and any/all Supplementary Card(s). Cardmember agrees to be bound by the Cardmember
Agreement, Partner Terms and Conditions and other Terms and Conditions of use, which will accompany the Card(s).
Cardmember confirms that American Express has shared the Most Important Terms and Conditions (“MITC”) for
3. LIABILITY the Card, in compliance of the RBI master circular on Credit Card operations of Banks and have read, understood
3.1 If you are the Basic Credit Cardmember, you are liable to us for all Charges on the Basic Credit Card and any and and accept the MITC. Cardmember understands that American Express may decline this application at its absolute
all Supplementary Credit Cards issued at your request; and you agree that all of these Credit Cards will be used in and sole discretion. Cardmember accepts that the additional factor of authentication is mandated by RBI vide
a manner consistent with these Terms and Conditions. letter DPSS. D.CO.No.223/02.14.003/2011-12, dated 4th August, 2011 and use of Cards for travel related CNP
3.2 If you are a Supplementary Credit Cardmember, you agree to use each Supplementary Credit Card bearing your transactions without such additional factor of authentication carries security risk and such Cards are vulnerable to
name in a manner consistent with these Terms and Conditions. Basic Credit Cardmember will be liable for all frauds. American Express strongly respects and honours customer privacy. To view the American Express Privacy
Charges made in connection with the Supplementary Credit Card. Policy please log on to http://www.americanexpress.com/india/pdfs/privacy_statement.pdf
3.3 All communications sent or given to the Basic Credit Cardmember or the Supplementary Credit Cardmember shall
be deemed to have been sent or given to both. 8. DISCLOSURE
8.1 We may identify providers and products that may be of some interest to some customers. In this role, we do not act
4. CREDIT LIMIT as an agent or fiduciary for you, and we may have referral arrangement with or may act on behalf of the insurance
4.1 The Card Carrier enclosing the Credit Card will show the initial Credit Limit applicable to your Account. The provider/service provider, as permitted by law. We want you to be aware that in the event you purchase such
Credit Limit applicable on Cardmember’s Account is inclusive of all the Supplementary Cards. American Express insurance products/services, we may receive fee for such referrals from the insurance provider/service provider.
will determine the Credit Limit and notify the Cardmember from time to time on the monthly Card statement. Any Any insurance/service purchase by you shall be purely voluntary. We do not require you to purchase any insurance/
request to increase the Credit Limit post the approval of the application will be reviewed by the Bank only after the service and you may choose to cover your insurance/service needs from other sources on terms they make available
Bank receives a request from the customer & any documents that may be asked for. The Bank basis an internal to you.
review reserves the right to decline the request. Your Credit Limit will also be shown on your monthly statement
together with the amount of available credit at the statement generation date. You must not exceed the Credit Limit. 9. ANNUAL MEMBERSHIP FEE
Your Credit Limit will be cancelled if your Account is cancelled. Based on your declared personal resources to us, 9.1 Membership Fee is payable for use of the Credit Card and each Supplementary Credit Card issued at the request of the
your past spending, credit history and payment pattern, we reserve the absolute right to reduce your Credit Limit at Basic Credit Cardmember. Annual Fee is levied every year at the start of membership year. The Membership Fees for
anytime. all Credit Cards are as detailed below. Annual fee reductions or waivers may be offered by American Express Banking
4.2 If your total indebtedness exceeds the Credit Limit, you must make immediate payment of any excess amount above Corp. (“American Express”) at its sole discretion.
the Credit Limit. A Charge of `500/- plus Applicable Taxes will be levied to your Account if you exceed your Credit 9.2 American Express may from time to time give tactical benefits and select joining gifts at its sole discretion on
Limit irrespective of the amount by which you exceed your Credit Limit. payment of the Membership Fee.
4.3 You will not be entitled to interest on credit balances on your Account. 9.3 Once the Cardmember accepts the membership by usage of the Card, the Cardmember is liable to pay the full
4.4 The Credit Limit applicable on Cardmember’s Account is inclusive of all the Supplementary Cards. Membership Fee. This Membership Fee is neither refundable nor transferable for any other products or facilities that
may be available from American Express to the Cardmember. No request for waiver of part or full of the Membership *Up to 4 Supplementary Cards for American Express Platinum ReserveSM Credit Card, 1 Card for American Express
Fee would be entertained by American Express and any such Membership Fee waivers shall be at the sole discretion MakeMyTrip Credit Card/American Express PAYBACK Credit Card/American Express Gold Credit Card, and up to
of American Express. 2 Supplementary Cards for all other Credit Cards are complimentary with the Basic Credit Card, post which the
9.4 Annual Maintenance Fees are payable for use of the Basic Credit Card and each Supplementary Credit Card or Standard Supplementary Card Fee will be applicable.
other Cards at such rates as we communicate to you from time to time. Any fee reductions or waivers that may be **FTO: Frequent Traveller Option; NFTO: Non-Frequent Traveller Option; GFTO: General Frequent Traveller Option;
offered by us from time to time may be withdrawn or restricted by us at anytime at our sole discretion. JFTO; Jet Airways Frequent Traveller Option; MTPBCO: MakeMyTrip Co-brand option; PBCO: PAYBACK Co-brand
Option. Membership Rewards Points on the FTO tier never expire. Membership Rewards Points on the GFTO
Finance Charges tier expire after 3 years from the date of earning. Membership Rewards Points on NFTO tier accrued in any other
Per Month (per Enrollment Year that have not been redeemed for Rewards can be carried over for up to two further Enrollment
Standard Years. Any Points not used by the end of the second year after the Enrollment will be forfeited.
Membership annum or p.a.)
Product Membership Fee Supplementary
Rewards Tier for Goods and ***The Lifetime Foundation Membership Fee is payable at the at the start of the Cardmembership and is Charged
Card Fee
Services, Cash & only once during the membership period and is valid until the Card is cancelled. The Lifetime Foundation Membership
Balance Transfers Fee may be paid by the Member in full or in five equal monthly installments. Once the Cardmember accepts the
membership by usage of the Card, the Cardmember is liable to pay the full Lifetime Foundation Membership Fee.
American Express `50,000 (Lifetime
This Membership Fee is neither refundable nor transferable for any other products or facilities that may be available
Platinum ReserveSM Foundation Fee) 3.35% p.m.
`1,500 FTO from American Express to the Cardmember. It is reiterated out of abundant caution that Cardmember is liable to
Credit Card- `10,000 (Annual (40.2% p.a.)
pay the full Lifetime Foundation Membership Fee, when he avails the membership and chooses to pay through
Option 1*** Maintenance Fee)
installments, even if the Cardmember cancels the membership, prior to the full payment of the Lifetime Foundation
American Express Membership Fees. Upon payment of the full Membership Fee, the Basic Cardmember becomes eligible for the
Platinum ReserveSM 3.35% p.m. Membership Welcome gifts, if applicable. An Annual Maintenance Fee of `10,000 p.a. will be Charged on the
`10,000 per annum `1,500 FTO American Express Platinum ReserveSM Credit Card on renewal and the same will be waived if your spending in the
Credit Card- (40.2% p.a.)
Option 2 normal course is above `1,90,000 on the American Express Platinum ReserveSM Credit Card in the twelve months
immediately preceding the date of renewal. This Annual Maintenance Fee covers the Basic Card, one Additional
Jet Airways Card for the Basic Cardmember and four Supplementary Cards issued on the Basic Card Account.
American Express 3.35% p.m. ****The Annual Membership Fee of `1,500 will be waived if total spends on the American Express PAYBACK Credit
`10,000 per annum `1,500 JFTO Card in the twelve months immediately preceding the date of renewal is above `1,50,000
Platinum (40.2% p.a.)
Credit Card
10. BENEFITS/GIFTS/DISCOUNTS/REWARDS
American Express
3.35% p.m. 10.1 General Terms and Conditions
Platinum Travel `5,000 per annum `1,500 GFTO
(40.2% p.a.) 10.1.1 American Express may offer various benefits/gifts/discounts/rewards exclusively for the Cardmembers, from time
Credit Card
to time.
American Express `1,000 (1st year) 10.1.2 Card members can avail benefits/gifts/discounts/rewards, subject to their having paid their Lifetime Foundation
3.5% p.m.
Membership Rewards® `4,500 (2nd year `1,500 FTO Membership Fee/renewal/Annual Maintenance Fee, if applicable and their Accounts remaining in good standing.
(42% p.a.)
Credit Card onwards) 10.1.3 These offers are being brought by American Express on a ‘best effort’ subject to availability and any participation
American Express `1,000 (1 year)
st of Cardmembers in the programmes/schemes for availing the benefits/gifts/discounts/rewards would be purely
1.99% p.m. voluntary. Welcome Gift is available only in the 1st year of Cardmembership on payment of the Annual Fee and
Membership Rewards® `4,500 (2nd year `1,500 FTO
(23.88% p.a.)^ upon taking the first Charge on the Card.
Credit Card onwards)
10.1.4 American Express reserves its absolute right to modify/alter/withdraw any of the benefits/gifts/discounts/rewards,
American Express `750 (1st year) including redemption of the same at anytime without prior notice.
3.5% p.m.
MakeMyTrip `1,500 (2nd year `750 MTPBCO 10.1.5 American Express does not manufacture/develop any of the benefits/ gifts/discounts/rewards and the same are
(42% p.a.)
Credit Card onwards) sourced from other establishments by leveraging its business acumen and relationships and therefore, is neither
responsible nor guarantees the quality of goods/services so redeemed by the Cardmember, under any of the
American Express `2,000 per annum `800 (FTO) 3.5% p.m.
`1,000 benefits/gifts/discounts/rewards.
Gold Credit Card `250 (NFTO) (42% p.a.) 10.1.6 American Express is neither responsible nor liable for any use/non use or defects/deficiency of goods/services so
redeemed under any of the benefits/gifts/discounts/rewards.
American Express `750 (1st year) 10.1.7 The benefits/gifts/discounts/rewards may have additional Terms and Conditions and Cardmembers are required
3.5% p.m.
PAYBACK `1,500 (2nd year `750 PBCO to read those Terms and Conditions in conjunction with this Cardmember Terms and Conditions governing the
(42% p.a.)
Credit Card**** onwards) usage of the American Express Credit Card.
RPM Credit Card from 10.1.8 The benefits, if applicable can be used only in conjunction with the American Express Credit offering such a
`800 (FTO) 3.5% p.m. benefit and cannot be combined with any other promotion or offer.
American Express & `2,000 per annum `1,000
Free NFTO (42% p.a.) 10.1.9 PAYBACK Points earned shall be directly credited to PAYBACK Membership Account of the Cardmember and
HPCL
redemption would be subject to Loyalty Solutions & Research Pvt. Ltd. (LSRPL) /PAYBACK Loyalty Programme
American Express Terms and Conditions.
3.5% p.m.
Indian Airlines `3,750 per annum `1,000 Free FTO 10.1.10 In the event of the Card Cancellation (cancellation either initiated by the Cardmember or American Express), the
(42% p.a.)
Credit Card accrued PAYBACK Points will be transferred to the PAYBACK Loyalty Programme within the next 30 days.
10.1.11 In addition to the aforesaid PAYBACK Points, a total of 900 PAYBACK Points would be credited on reaching the
^For American Express Membership Rewards® Credit Cards, this interest rate of 23.88% per annum will be applicable aggregate spend of INR 15,000 within a period of 60 days from the date of approval of the American Express
for Cardmembers sourced between 1st November, 2016 and 15th November, 2016. The Bank will offer the lower PAYBACK Credit Card. There would not be any additional PAYBACK Points beyond the spend `15,000 and only
interest rate of 23.88% for a period of one year from the date of on boarding and post that the interest rate will a maximum of 900 additional PAYBACK Points can be earned by the Cardmember.
revert to 3.5% p.m. (42% p.a.). All other features remain the same as mentioned in the above table. However, if the 10.1.12 JPMiles earned shall be directly credited to the JetPrivilege Account of the Cardmember and redemption would
Cardmember does not pay his/her minimum amount due as stipulated under the Statement of Account before the be subject to Jet Privilege Pvt. Ltd. Terms and Conditions.
payment due date as specified under the Statement of Account during any of the statement cycle during the first 12
months of Cardmembership, the Cardmember will be Charged the interest rate of 3.5% p.m. (42% p.a.) from the date 10.2 PAYBACK TERMS AND CONDITIONS
of such default. 10.2.1 LSRPL will not issue a separate Loyalty Card to American Express Credit Cardmembers except on the express
request by the Cardmember to LSRPL.
10.2.2 Cardmembers may also earn Loyalty Benefits on Charges at Service Establishments which have separate point 14.6 Any and all payments received by us from or on behalf of the Credit Cardmember, may be applied or appropriated
earning arrangements with (LSRPL)/ PAYBACK Loyalty Programme under the Loyalty Programme. by us in such manner and in such order as we see fit, notwithstanding any specific appropriation or instruction by
the Credit Cardmember or any other person making the payment. We have the right to appropriate all payments
10.3 OTHER PARTNER TERMS AND CONDITIONS made by you in the manner we deem fit, notwithstanding any instructions given to us at the time of such payment.
10.3.1 Other benefits may also include specific Terms and Conditions which are mentioned along with the communication In the event that we receive contradicting instructions from the Basic Cardmember and the Supplementary
of such benefits. These Terms and Conditions will apply in addition to the Terms and Conditions mentioned in this Cardmember(s), we may, in the exercise of our discretion, then only act on the instructions of the Basic
Cardmember Agreement. Cardmember.
14.7 After paying only the minimum payment due or a portion of total amount due, you shall be Charged interest on the
11. TAXES balance amount outstanding and Charged to your Card as on the interest computing date.
11.1 You shall be solely responsible for any taxes that may be applicable and Chargeable on all Charges incurred on
the Credit Card and if we are required under law to collect and deposit the same with the appropriate regulatory 15. LATE PAYMENT CHARGE
authority, we shall do so by debit to your Credit Card Account. 15.1 If we do not receive payment of the minimum payment due shown on the monthly statement by the payment due
date, a late payment Charge of 30% of the minimum amount due (subject to a minimum of `500 and a maximum
12. INTEREST CHARGES of `1000), plus applicable taxes will be levied to your Card Account. The late payment Charges may vary at our
12.1 Interest is payable at the monthly percentage rate on all Charges from the date they are debited to your Account until they discretion and the same will be duly informed to you either through a mailer or the monthly statement and the Most
are fully repaid, except where an interest free period applies under 12.2 below. Important Terms and Conditions.
12.2 On Charges, other than Cash Advances and Balance Transfers, interest is not payable only if:
• You paid the full Closing Balance on your previous monthly statement by the payment due date and; 16. TRANSACTION FEE
• You pay the full Closing Balance on your current monthly statement by the payment due date. 16.1 For certain transactions that may be Charged to the Credit Card (for example Petrol/Gas Stations, Railways or
12.3 Interest, if payable, is calculated by multiplying: the daily balance of Charges on which interest is payable; by the Customs) or other categories that may be introduced in future, we reserve the right to levy a transaction fee per
daily percentage rate (monthly rate multiplied by twelve divided by 365); and then adding up the daily interest transaction or otherwise as we deem necessary. These rates will be advised to the Credit Cardmembers in their
Charges for the applicable period. monthly statements or through a mailer.
12.4 Interest, if payable, is debited to your Account on the last date of each statement period and is shown on your
subsequent statement. 17. TERMINATION
12.5 You will pay interest on all your Charges outstanding at the monthly average rate shown on the statement as 17.1 BY YOU: You can terminate this Agreement at anytime by returning to us all Credit Cards issued for use on the
amended by us from time to time. We may vary the interest rates applicable to your Account at anytime at our Account cut in half with a written request sent to the address mentioned on the last page of this document. Termination
discretion. The interest payable by the Cardmember shall be subject to the changes in interest rates made by the will only be effective when we receive all such Credit Cards and payment of all amounts outstanding in respect of the
Reserve Bank from time to time. Account. You can cancel the use of a Credit Card by Supplementary Credit Cardmember by notifying us in writing
but you will remain liable for all Charges incurred by the Supplementary Credit Cardmember up to and prior to the
13. MONTHLY STATEMENT receipt of notice of cancellation by us.
13.1 We will send you a statement once a month for each billing period during which there is any activity or any unpaid 17.2 By American Express: American Express can terminate this Agreement at anytime on immediate notice or
balance that is due.The statement will identify purchases, Cash Advances, Balance Transfer transactions, fees and at anytime restrict the use of the Credit Card. Where American Express terminates the Agreement, all monies
all other Charges, payments and credits to your Account during the billing period incurred in India and overseas listed outstanding on the Account (including Charges or Cash Advances not yet debited) will become due and payable
separately. All Charges incurred in Nepal and Bhutan will appear under the heading of Charges incurred in India. The immediately. American Express may inform Establishments of cancelled Credit Cards. If the Credit Card is cancelled,
statement will also disclose to you the interest Charges, statement date, opening balance, new Charges, credits, the Cardmember must cut it in half and return both halves to American Express at once. The Cardmember agrees
closing balance, Credit Limit, available unused Credit Limit at statement date, payment due date and minimum not to use the Credit Card after it has been cancelled.
payment. The time between successive monthly statements will vary depending upon the number of business days in
the month. You can also register online and view the Card statements online by logging on to americanexpress.co.in 18. DEFAULT
You agree to notify us in writing of any omission from or error on the statement within 60 days of the date of the 18.1 DISCLOSURE: The Cardmember acknowledges that, as per extant business practices the Bank is authorised to
statement. If you do not do so, the statement will be conclusively settled to be complete and correct except for any disclose from time to time any information relating to the Credit Card(s), to any Credit Information Companies
amount, which has been improperly credited to the Account. (CICs) as authorised by Reserve Bank of India (existing or future) without any notice to the Cardmember. The Credit
13.2 Non-receipt of the statement for any reason whatsoever is not a valid reason for non-payment of at least the minimum Information Companies (CICs) are an initiative of the Government of India and Reserve Bank of India to improve the
payment due. Should you not receive the statement within 10 days from the date of your usual statement date, functionality and stability of the financial system. All Banks and Financial Institutions participating in this initiative are
please call us on the numbers mentioned on the back of your Card to check the amount payable and to request a required to share customer data with Credit Information Companies (CICs). In view of this American Express shall
duplicate copy of your statement. be reporting information and data (positive or negative) relating to Cardmember’s Account from time to time to Credit
13.3 You agree that a copy produced from a microfilm of any document relating to your Account with us or produced from Information Companies (CICs) and any other agency as the Bank may deem fit. American Express will also share
data received electronically from an Establishment’s Point of sale terminal or from you shall be admissible to prove the Cardmember information with its groups/associates/entities or companies with whom American Express has tie
the contents of that document for any purpose. up arrangements for providing other financial service products, until and unless clearly stated otherwise.
13.4 We reserve our right to levy a service Charge, at our discretion, in addition to the amount of Charge on any particular 18.2 We may treat your Account as being in default if you fail to pay us any amount when it is due, if you fail to comply
transaction at any Establishment. with these Terms and Conditions. If any cheque, draft, debit or other payment is not honoured in full, this will also be
default. We may also treat your Account as being in default if any statement made by you to us in connection with
14. MINIMUM PAYMENT your Account or Credit Card was false or misleading, if you breach any other Agreement that you may have with us,
14.1 The monthly statement will show the minimum payment you need to pay us which will be 5% of the outstanding if a petition for your bankruptcy is issued, if any attempt is made by any other creditor to seize any of your property
balance or `100 (whichever is greater) PLUS the total sum of any Card Fees, overdue minimum payment exceeding or if any of your property is seized by any other creditor. If your Account is in default, we require you to pay us
your Credit Limit and any installment due under any extended/deferred payment plan that we may offer. immediately all sums outstanding on your Account and we reserve our right to cancel your Credit Card. You further
14.2 The minimum payment is due and payable by you to us on or before the payment due date which shall be notified agree that, if you default, you will pay us all reasonable costs and expenses incurred or expended by us or on our
on the statement. Payment takes place only when we receive it and credit it to your Account, NOT when you send it. behalf, including legal fees, in recovering or attempting to recover any monies owing to us.
14.3 You will be required to pay us immediately if your Account is overdue or you exceed your Credit Limit. The amount 18.3 Procedure (including notice period) for reporting a Cardholder as defaulter American Express Credit Card Account
you must pay will be notified on your statement. would be overdue or in default due to one or more of the following circumstances:
14.4 You may pay more than the minimum amount due, pay us before the payment due date, pay us more than once during • Cheque, ECS or NACH payments that are not honoured
the billing period or pay the balance outstanding on your Account at anytime. • Failure to pay the due amount by the due date (as mentioned on the American Express Credit Card Account
14.5 You must always pay us in Indian Rupees with a draft, cheque or cash. You may also authorise us to debit directly to Statement)
your Account with your financial institution and credit your Card Account with the total amount, or a fixed percentage • If any statement made by the Cardmember to American Express in connection with his/her American Express
of the total amount due or the minimum payment due in the monthly statement through National Automated Clearing Credit Card was false or misleading
House(“NACH”) introduced by the National Payments Corporation of India. If you select NACH, we will advise you of • For failure to comply with the Terms and Conditions of the American Express Credit Card
the Terms and Conditions governing its operation.
• If a petition for Cardmember’s bankruptcy is issued or if any attempt is made by any other creditor to seize any of scheme is incorrect, please write to us at the address (mentioned on last page of this document). Any information
Cardmember property. that we find to be inaccurate will be corrected promptly.
If American Express Credit Cardmember’s Account is in default, American Express requires him/her to pay
immediately all sums outstanding on his/her Account and American Express reserves the right to cancel his/her 25. SUSPENSION
Card. American Express Credit Cardmember Account rolling into 90 days past due (as indicated in the last unpaid 25.1 We can suspend your right to use the Credit Card with or without cause. If we do suspend your Credit Card privileges
billing statement) are reported as defaulters. you cannot use the Credit Card until such time as arrangements satisfactory to us have been made for payments of
outstanding Charges. If we do suspend your Credit Card privileges we shall not lose any of our rights under these
19. USE OF EXTERNAL AGENCIES Terms and Conditions or at law.
19.1 We have the sole discretion to appoint agents to collect amounts payable to us, as we consider necessary. For this
purpose, information regarding your credit facility will be supplied to the agents. However, we will not be responsible 26. AUTHORISATION
for any consequences arising out of the agents’ acts or omissions. All Charges payable to such agents to collect 26.1 Charges may require prior authorisation by us before an Establishment will accept them. We have the right to
our dues will be to your cost and risk in addition to all costs, Charges and expenses incurred by us to recover the refuse authorisation for any Charge, Cash Advance or Balance Transfer transactions without cause or prior notice
outstanding dues/ amounts. notwithstanding that the Credit Limit has not been exceeded and we shall not be liable to you or anyone else
for any loss or damage resulting from such refusal. When we give an Establishment permission to Charge your
20. DISHONOURED CHEQUES/DISHONOURED ECS OR NACH INSTRUCTIONS Account we assume the transaction will take place and therefore reduce the Credit Limit on your Account by the sum
20.1 If you or your representative transmits or causes to be transmitted to us any cheques or drafts or ECS/NACH so authorised.
payments that are not honoured for their full amount, for each such cheque or draft or ECS/NACH payment, we may
Charge the Card Account an amount as appropriate to cover our internal administration costs. 27. LOST, STOLEN OR MISUSED CREDIT CARDS
27.1 The Card is issued to the person requesting issuance of the same. No other person is permitted to use the Card
21. RENEWAL/REPLACEMENT CARDS issued to you for Charges, for identification or for any other reason. If you have let someone else use the Card or
21.1 The Credit Card plastic will be valid until the expiration date printed on the face of the Credit Card. By way of you have voluntarily relinquished physical possession of the Card, this will not affect your liability to us for payment
accepting the Terms and Conditions you authorise us to issue you a Renewal or Replacement Credit Card before of all Charges made with the Card issued to you. You must notify us immediately (on 24 hour customer service
the current Credit Cards expires. If you are the Basic Credit Cardmember, you are also requesting us to issue numbers) if the Credit Card is lost, stolen, mutilated, not received when due or if you suspect that the Credit Card is
to any Supplementary Credit Cardmember Renewal or Replacement of Supplementary Cards before the current being used without your permission. In the case of loss or theft of the Card, you must file a First Information Report
Supplementary Credit Cards expire. (FIR) immediately with the police at a police station nearest to the place of occurrence and also submit a copy of the
FIR to us, with a detailed report of the incident (at the address mentioned on last page of this document). Provided
We will bill the applicable annual Membership Fee, each year, at the time of renewal. We will continue to issue
that you have acted in good faith, your liability to us arising out of any unauthorised use of the Credit Card prior to
Renewal or Replacement of Credit Cards and Supplementary Credit Cards until you tell us to stop. We retain the
report to us shall be limited to Rupees one thousand only, and after we receive the report shall be “nil’’. If the lost
right to suspend dispatch of Renewal or Replacement Credit Cards at our discretion.
Credit Card is subsequently received, it must not be used. The Replacement Credit Card and subsequent renewals
of it must be used instead. The retrieval of the original Credit Card must immediately be reported to us and it must
22. EXCHANGE CONTROL AND TAX
be cut in half and the pieces returned to us. Your liability is limited provided you inform us of the loss of your Card
22.1 You must comply with any and all applicable exchange control and tax laws and regulations affected by the use of
immediately or maximum up to receipt of the next billing statement. Failure to notify us of unauthorised Charges
the Credit Card, and you agree to indemnify us against any consequences of your failure to comply with these laws
after receipt of your bill will give us the right to withdraw the limited liability and hold you responsible for Charges on
and regulations.
the Card.
27.2 Cardmembers will not be held responsible for any unauthorised Charges made online, or in the physical world,
23. INSTALLMENTS FOR PURCHASE OF GOODS AND SERVICES
with their Card so long as they comply with the Card conditions and notify us immediately* when they discover any
23.1 We may introduce and offer extended/deferred payment plan to Cardmembers at a fee at our sole discretion. If you use
fraudulent transactions.
the Credit Card to buy goods or services, such as insurance, requiring recurring or installment payments, or goods and
*Immediately means as soon as the Cardmember is aware, but no later than on or before the due date of the
wish to avail of the extended/deferred payment plan, you authorise us to pay such installments for you when due to the
statement in which the fraudulent transaction appears.
service provider or into any deferred payment scheme run by us or any third party and you agree to pay us for the same
when we bill you. You must tell us in writing (at the address mentioned on last page of this document) if you no longer wish
28. BILLING ADDRESS
to pay in installments and wish to prepay your installment scheme. In case you wish to prepay your installment scheme,
28.1 You must notify us immediately (at the address mentioned on last page of this document) of any change in your
we reserve the right to levy a prepayment Charge and the total outstanding amount on the installment scheme would
name and/or billing address or the names of any Supplementary Credit Cardmembers.
revert as a Charge on your Card. Extended/deferred payment plans may have additional terms and condition that govern
the scheme.
29. BILLING ERRORS OR ENQUIRIES/PROBLEMS WITH GOODS OR PURCHASES
23.2 If your Credit Card Account or the Credit Card is suspended or cancelled, we will stop paying the installments for you
29.1 If you have a problem with your monthly statement, please write to us at once and we will take reasonable steps to
to any third party or insurance provider.
assist you by providing such information as may be necessary in relation to Charges Charged to your Account. Any
billing error or dispute shall not be entertained unless sent in writing to us (at the address mentioned on last page of
24. CARDMEMBER INFORMATION AND CONSENT
this document) or by calling us on the numbers mentioned on the reverse of the Card. We may Charge a reasonable
24.1 You authorise us and our affiliates to make all/any credit investigations we deem appropriate to evaluate and satisfy
administrative fee for statement reprints or duplicate Record of Charge forms. If an Establishment issues a credit slip
ourself about any information either provided by you or available to us. We may ask consumer reporting, reference
in respect of a Charge, we will, upon receipt, credit the amount shown on that credit slip to the Credit Card Account.
schemes or Banks for consumer reports of your credit history, and information concerning your Account may be
Any claim or dispute against any Establishment must directly be resolved by you. No claim against an Establishment
furnished by us to consumer reporting or reference schemes, banks, Credit Information Companies (CICs) as
shall enable you to any set-off or counterclaim against us. We shall not be liable to you for quality, price or value of
authorised by Reserve Bank of India or other creditors. We may exchange any information we receive about you
goods or services, or any defects in such goods or services, Charged with the Credit Card, or if an Establishment
with our affiliates, including any credit or other information we may obtain from your application or consumer reports
refuses to accept the Credit Card. Subject to any law to the contrary, you are not entitled to withhold payment from
for marketing and administrative purposes, or as required by law, or to share such information with each other.
us because of such claim or dispute.
24.2 We may disclose information about you and your Credit Card Account to (a) companies within the American Express
group of companies worldwide (including other organisations who issue the Credit Card) (b) to any other party whose
30. FOREIGN CURRENCY CASH AND CHEQUE WITHDRAWALS
name or logo appears on the Credit Card issued to you (c) to our suppliers and (d) to organisations who accept the
30.1 If you make a Charge in a currency other than Indian Rupees, that Charge will be converted into Indian Rupees.
Card in payment of goods and/or services purchased by you in order to administer and service your Account, process
The conversion will take place on the date the Charge is processed by overseas American Express treasury system,
and collect Charges on it and manage the benefits or insurance programmes in which you are enrolled. We may also
which may not be the same date on which you made your Charge as it depends on when the Charge was submitted
be required to disclose and accordingly furnish details of your Account to Credit Information Companies (CICs) or at
to American Express. If the Charge is not in the U.S. Dollars, the conversion will be made through U.S. Dollars, by
the request of the Reserve Bank of India and/or any other statutory authority or officials of the Government of India
converting the Charge amount into U.S. Dollars and then by converting the U.S. Dollars amount into Indian Rupees.
or any State Government in India.
If the Charge is in U.S. Dollar, it will be converted directly into Indian Rupees. If you make a cash/cheque withdrawal
24.3 From time to time we may monitor telephone calls between you and us to assure the quality of our customer service.
outside India in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, that cash/cheque withdrawal will be converted into U.S. Dollars.
24.4 If you believe that any information we hold about you or information we provided to a consumer reporting or reference
The conversion will take place on the date the cash/cheque withdrawal is processed by American Express, which
may not be the same date on which you made your cash/cheque withdrawal as it depends on when the cash/cheque registered with us. You agree to update us your e-mail ID and mobile number in case of any change by calling on the
withdrawal was submitted to American Express. number mentioned on the reverse of the Card.
30.2 Unless a specific rate is required by applicable law, you understand and agree that the American Express treasury
system will use a conversion rate based on interbank rates that it selects from customary industry sources on the 38. NO WAIVER OF OUR RIGHTS
business day prior to the processing date, increased by foreign currency conversion mark up on such Charges. If 38.1 No forbearance, delay or failure on our part to exercise any power or right under these Terms and Conditions shall
Charges are converted by the third parties prior to being submitted to American Express, any conversions made by operate as a waiver of such power or right, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such power or right preclude
those third parties will be at rates selected by them. any further exercise of that or any other power or right.
31. OUR PROPERTY 39. ASSIGNMENT
31.1 Although for your use, all Credit Cards remain our property at all times. This means you must return the Credit Card 39.1 We may assign any of our rights under these Terms and Conditions or the Accounts at anytime without your consent
to us (at the address mentioned on last page of this document) if we should so request. The revocation, repossession to our parent, subsidiary or associate company.
or request for the return of the Credit Card is not, and shall not constitute any reflection on your character or credit
worthiness and we shall not be liable in any way for any statement made by any person requesting the return or 40. INDEMNITY
surrender of the Credit Card. 40.1 You must indemnify and keep us fully indemnified against all claims, demands, actions and proceedings which may
be made against us and in respect of any and all damages, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including legal
32. DEBT ASSIGNMENT costs on a full indemnity basis) which may be incurred, sustained or suffered by us, directly or indirectly, due to the
32.1 We shall have the right to transfer, assign and sell in any manner, in whole or in part, your Credit Card use or misuse of the Credit Card(s), negligence, misconduct or breach of any of these Terms and Conditions on your
outstandings and dues to any third party of our choice without reference or intimation to you. Not part and/or any other act, thing or matter arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.
withstanding any such sale, assignment or transfer, we shall be fully empowered to proceed against you, jointly or
severally with any such purchaser, assignee, creditor to recover the outstanding amounts from you. You shall be 41. OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
liable for all costs and expenses on Account of any such assignment, sale or transfer and recovery of outstandings 41.1 The use of the Credit Card is also subject to any other Terms and Conditions governing the use of other facilities or
and dues. features or product enhancements, which may be made available, from time to time.
33. RIGHT TO SETOFF 42. GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION
33.1 In the event of your delaying or being unable to settle your Credit Card outstandings as provided in this Agreement 42.1 These Terms and Conditions are governed by laws in India. All Credit Cardmembers submit themselves to the
for any reason whatsoever, you expressly and unconditionally authorise us to setoff and adjust any such outstanding exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts in the State of Delhi.
against any amount that may be payable by us, to you on any Account whatsoe<version> Any dispute, difference and/or claims arising out of in connection with or in relation to this Agreement, shall be settled
by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and any subsequent
34. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY statutory amendment, if any, to the Act, by a sole arbitrator, whose appointment shall be made at the instance and
34.1 Subject to applicable law, you agree that if we fail to carry out any of our obligations in connection with your Card discretion of the American Express Banking Corp. The arbitrator appointed shall be competent to decide whether
Account or your use of the Card and, as a direct result, you suffer loss or costs we will be liable to you for that loss any matter or dispute or difference referred to the arbitrator falls within the purview of arbitration as provided for in
or cost to the extend only but not otherwise. In particular we will not be liable for any consequential loss or any other this clause and/or should be decided under the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.
loss or damage including but not limited to loss of income, profits interest, utility or loss of market. In any event, we 42.3 Any arbitration award granted shall be final and binding on the parties. The venue and seat of the Arbitral Tribunal
will not be responsible for losses or costs caused by any third party including (for example) resulting from mechanical shall be at New Delhi.
or systems failure affecting such third parties. In any event our liability for any loss shall be limited to a maximum of 42.4 This Clause 42 shall survive termination of the Cardholder Agreement.
amount paid by you as Lifetime/annual Membership Fee for the Card.
34.2 We are not liable in any way to you for any inconvenience, embarrassment, loss, damage (including but not limiting 43. Cards issued by AEBC may be equipped to enable contactless payments. Payments effected via the contactless
to consequential loss or special damage), cost or expense of any nature suffered or incurred by you or by any other feature do not require a second factor authentication and may be restricted in accordance with the Bank’s internal
person in respect of or in connection with your ability/inability of the use of Credit Card and/or this Agreement. policies/extant guidelines. In the event AEBC issues a contactless Card, it will be notified to you via the brochure
accompanying the Card. Transactions above such a threshold will require a second factor authentication. The
35. CHANGING THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND POLICIES customer has a choice to effect the payments with or without the contactless feature subject to the threshold as
35.1 We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions and revise policies, features and benefits offered on the stated above. Please refer to Americanexpress.co.in/contactless for further details.
Card at anytime on giving you notice as required by law including, without limitation to changes which affect existing
balances, interest Charges or rates and methods of calculation. By keeping or using the Credit Card after notification, 44. For all applicable Charges, Fees & Rate of Interest, please refer to the Most Important Terms and Conditions (MITC).
you agree to the change. If you do not accept any change to these Terms and Conditions, you may cancel the Credit To view the MITC, please visit americanexpress.co.in/mitc
Card by cutting it in half and returning both halves to us. You will still be liable for all Charges incurred and all other
obligations under these Terms and Conditions until the Account is repaid in full.
36. COMMUNICATION WITH YOU
36.1 We may notify you of changes to this Agreement, including changes to fees, or rates by publication of a notice in an
English language newspaper circulating throughout India or through communication sent along with your monthly
Statement of Account or on the Statement of Account, or using electronic channels, at least 30 days prior to the
effective date of the change.
36.2 All notices (which may include notice of changes to this Agreement), disclosures and other communications (together,
“communications”) may also at our sole discretion be communicated to you by mail or electronically to the street and/
or e-mail address you have provided in connection with your Card. Any communications from us shall be deemed
given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the latest address shown on our records, or
sent electronically to the e-mail address you have most recently provided for your Card.
36.3 You must inform us immediately if you change your address or other contact information (such as telephone number
or e-mail address) you have provided to us.
37. NOTICES
37.1 We shall be entitled to send any notice to you by ordinary post to your address last known to us. Any notice as sent
by us shall be considered as received by you five (5) days after the date of posting. We may also send you notices
electronically to your e-mail ID provided by you. We may send you alerts by way of SMS to your mobile numbers
<version> 03/17
American Express Banking Corp.,
Cyber City Tower C, DLF Bldg. No. 8, Sector - 25, DLF City Ph II, Gurgaon - 122002.
americanexpress.co.in