Apply for Magnus Credit Card Online in India | Axis Bank
Know More
The Terms and Conditions of Axis Bank Magnus Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 1st September'23.
Please click here to Know More.
The Terms and Conditions of Axis Bank Magnus for Burgundy Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 20th April'24. Please click here to Know More.
The Terms and Conditions of Axis Bank Magnus Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 20th April'24. Please click here to Know More.
The Terms & Conditions of Axis Bank Magnus for Burgundy Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 20th June'25. Please click here to Know More.
The Terms & Conditions of Axis Bank Magnus Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 20th June'25. Please click here to Know More.
The Terms & Conditions of Axis Bank Magnus Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 1st July'26. Please click here to Know More.
The Terms & Conditions of Axis Bank Magnus Credit Card will be updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to Know More.
The Terms & Conditions of Axis Bank Magnus for Burgundy Credit Card will be updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to Know More.
ONLY THE BEST,
WHEREVER YOU GO
Magnus Credit Card
Travel & Stay
WELCOME BENEFIT
Choose any one voucher worth ₹12,500* from below options:
Luxe gift card or The Postcard Hotels gift voucher or Yatra gift voucher
Know More
COMPLIMENTARY INTERNATIONAL LOUNGE ACCESS
Avail unlimited complimentary international lounge visits and 4 additional guest visits per year with the priority pass card
(Guest visits have been revised to 4 per year w.e.f 20 th April'24).
Know More
DOMESTIC LOUNGE ACCESS
Enjoy unlimited visits to select airport lounges in India.
Know More
Exclusive offer at The Leela Palace Hotels & Resorts
15% savings on bed and breakfast rates at The Leela Palace Hotels & Resorts. Valid till 30th September, 2026
Know More
*Customers holding new Magnus Credit Card for Burgundy can choose any one voucher worth ₹5,000 from below options:
Luxe gift card, PostCard Hotels gift voucher or Yatra gift voucher. (Not applicable for customers upgraded from Magnus to Magnus Credit Card for Burgundy).
CRAFTED FOR THE
CONNOISSEUR IN YOU
Lifestyle & Entertainment
Dining Delights
Enjoy exclusive discounts at o<version>,000 restaurants across India.
Know More
DESIGNED TO ELEVATE
YOUR MIND, BODY & SOUL
Health & Wellness
INSURANCE BENEFITS
Stay protected with our purchase protection, lost card liability programs and more.
Know More
WITH YOU EVERY STEP
OF THE WAY
More Benefits
Annual Fee Waiver
Annual fee of ₹12,500 + Taxes waived off* on spend of ₹25 Lakhs in preceding year.
Know More
Benefits on fees and charges
Lowered interest rate of 3% on extended credit.
Reduced mark-up fee of 2% on foreign transactions.
No cash withdrawal fees.
Fuel surcharge waiver of 1% for transactions between ₹400 to ₹4000 (Capped at ₹400 per month. The fuel surcharge is not levied by the card issuing bank, on certain fuel transactions, the fuel surcharge may be levied as INR
10 + GST instead of 1% + GST).
Know More
Rewards program
Earn 12 EDGE Reward points per ₹200 on spends up to ₹1.50 Lakhs and 35 EDGE Reward points per ₹200 on incremental spends above ₹1.50 lakhs in a calendar month.
5X Reward points on spends via Travel EDGE.
Earn 2 partner # miles for every 5 EDGE Reward points across 20 travel partners.
Know More
*35 EDGE reward points are capped on spends up to your assigned credit card limit + ₹1.50 Lakhs per calendar month.
# Customers holding new Magnus Credit Card for Burgundy will earn up to 4 partner miles for every 5 EDGE Reward points across 20 travel partners.
Know more about the eligibility criteria to apply for MAGNUS Credit Card for Burgundy
Magnus Credit Card for Burgundy holders Annual Fee of Rs. 30,000 + Taxes waived off on spend of Rs. 30 Lakhs in preceding
year
Your Axis Magnus Credit Card awaits you!
Apply Now
Know
your Axis Bank Magnus Credit Card
Eligibility Segment
Eligibility criteria for Axis Bank Magnus Credit Card:
Primary cardholder should be between the age of 18-70 years
Add-on cardholder should be o<version> years
Net Salary of ₹24 lakhs per annum or Net Annual Income Tax Return filed for ₹24 Lakhs.
Resident of India
*The above criteria are only indicative. The bank reserves the right to approve or decline applications for credit card.
Eligibility criteria for Axis Bank Magnus Lifetime free Credit Card:
In addition to the eligibility criteria applicable for the Axis Bank Magnus Credit Card:
Customers holding a Burgundy Salary Account with Axis Bank shall be eligible for the Axis Bank Magnus Lifetime Free Credit Card upon receipt of the first salary credit, provided the net monthly salary credited is INR 2 Lakhs or above.
Applicable only for Burgundy Salary Accounts opened on or after 1 July 2026.
*The above criteria are only indicative. The Bank reserves the right to approve or decline applications for the credit card at its sole discretion.
Documentation:
The below documents are required for application:
PAN card photocopy or Form 60
Latest payslip/Form 16/IT return copy as the proof of income
Residence proof (Passport/Driving license/Electricity bill/ Landline telephone bill)
*The above list is only indicative. Documents required may
vary on a case to case basis.
Offers & Experiences
Dining
Delights
Extraordinary
Weekends
Mastercard
Offers
Reach Us
Contact us for any benefit redemption,
queries, complaints and feedback.
Call us on:
1800 419 0065
Write to us at:
www.axisbank.com/support
Help & Assistance
Card member agreement
Code of Commitment
MITC
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank