Apply for Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card Online | Axis Bank
Up to 3% cashback on daily spends
Enjoy a lifetime free credit card
1% fuel surcharge waiver
Midweek special offers
Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card
A lifetime free credit card loaded with cashback, dining discounts, UPI convenience, and complimentary airport lounge access.
Features & Benefits
Fees & Charges
Eligibility & Documentation
Credit Card on UPI
Services
Features & Benefits
Up to 3% cashback on every transaction
3% cashback* on food delivery, entertainment & local commute
Read More
Credit Card on UPI Transactions
Link your Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card with UPI to enjoy quick and seamless UPI experience.
Read More
Airport Lounge Access
Enjoy 4 complimentary domestic lounge visit to select airport lounges per calendar year.
To view select airport lounge list and T&C, click here
Fuel Surcharge waiver
1% Fuel surcharge waiver is applicable for fuel spends between ₹400 & ₹5000.
Read More
Lifetime Free Card
Get your Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card at zero joining and Annual Fee
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Read More
View More
up to 3% cashback on every transaction
3% cashback* on food delivery, entertainment & local commute
1% cashback* on all other spends.
To view cashback T&C, click here
Credit Card on UPI Transactions
Link your Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card with UPI to enjoy quick and seamless UPI experience.
Click here to know the steps for linking your credit card to UPI.
Fuel Surcharge waiver
1% Fuel surcharge waiver is applicable for fuel spends between ₹400 & ₹5000. Max waiver up to ₹400 per month.
The fuel surcharge is not levied by the card issuing bank, on certain fuel transactions, the fuel surcharge may be levied as ₹10 + GST instead of 1% + GST.
Dining Delights
Enjoy exceptional dining experiences at top restaurants across India with the Axis Bank Dining Delights Program.
Click here for more details and full terms & conditions.
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Instant savings of up to 15% on flights & hotels via MakeMyTrip
10% off on orders via Swiggy
10% off upto ₹1000 on Tira
Click here to avail the offers
Fees & Charges
View More
Fees & Charges
Description Charges
Joining Fee Nil
Annual Fee Nil
Card Replacement fee Nil
Cash Payment fee ₹175/-
Duplicate Statement Fee Waived
Charge slip retrieval fee or copy request fee Waived
Outstation cheque fee Waived
Mobile alerts for transactions Free
Balance enquiry charges Waived
Finance Charges (Retail purchases and Cash) 3.75% per month (55.55% per annum)
Cash Withdrawal Fee 2.5% (Min. ₹500) of the cash amount
Overdue penalty or Late payment fees Nil if total payment Due is up to ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹5000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000
₹1200 if total payment due is ₹10,001 and above
An additional charge of ₹ 100 will be applicable if the payment of Minimum Amount Due (MAD) is not made by the Payment Due Date (PDD) for two consecutive billing periods.
Over limit penalty 2.5% of the over limit amount (Min ₹500)
Cheque return or dishonor fee or auto-debit reversal 2% of the payment amount subject to Min. ₹ 500
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of railway tickets As prescribed by IRCTC/Indian Railways
Foreign currency transaction fee 3.5% of the transaction value
Fuel Transaction fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹50,000/- or more on fuel transactions per statement cycle
Rent Transaction fee 1% fee per transaction on rental transactions
Utility Transaction fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹25,000/- or more on utility transactions per statement cycle
Education Transaction fee 1% fee per transaction will be applicable on education payments made via third party apps
Wallet Load Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹10,000/- or more on wallet load transactions per statement cycle
Online Skill Based Gaming Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹10,000/- or more on Online skill based gaming platforms in a statement cycle
Dynamic Currency Conversion markup 1.5% + taxes on international transaction performed in Indian currency at International location or transactions performed in Indian currency with merchants located in Indian but registered in foreign nation
Eligibility
Documentation
Eligibility for Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card
Primary Cardholder should be 18-70 years of age
The individual should either be a Resident of India or a Non-Resident Indian
*Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card is sourced only to exisitng to Fibe customers. The above criteria are only indicative. The bank reserves the right to approve or decline applications for credit card.
Apply Now
Documentation for Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card
PAN Card photocopy or Form 97
Proof of income - Latest payslip / Form 16 / IT Return
Residence proof - Driving License / Electricity Bill / Landline Telephone Bill
Please note that this list is only indicative. Documents required may vary on a case-to-case basis.
Apply Now
Credit Card on UPI
How to Link & Use Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card on UPI
1 - Link your Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card on UPI Application
a. Download any UPI Application (eg. BHIM, Paytm)
b. Verify your mobile number on the application and complete registration
c. Click on Button "Link RuPay Credit Card", post successful registration
d. Select Credit Card Issuer Bank
e. Select your Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card to be linked
f. Proceed to generate UPI PIN
2 - Transact seamlessly with Scan & Pay Feature
a. Scan Merchant QR Code or enter Merchant UPI ID
b. Enter Amount or pay auto-fetched amount
c. Select Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card
d. Enter UPI PIN and Confirm
e. Payment confirmation status will be displayed on screen
3 - Credit Card Bill Payment
a. Open any UPI App, click on "Pay to UPI Id" option and enter UPI Id as cc.91@axisbank Example: cc.9192498680825514@axisbank
b. Name of the Cardholder will be displayed for confirmation
c. Enter the payment amount and UPI PIN to pay
4 - Manage your card on Axis Mobile App
a. Go to Credit Cards Section and click on Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card.
b. Enter activation code available in physical welcome letter.
c. You will be routed to Card Control Settings page where you can change your card control settings.
For detailed FAQs on Credit Card on UPI, click here
Swipe your Credit Card into a world of convenience
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
Experience the ultimate travel luxury with Airport Lounge Access Credit Cards, offering lounge access and exclusive travel perks.
Know More
Apply Now
Rupay Credit Card
Go local, go smart with RuPay Credit Card and enjoy awesome rewards and secure, hassle-free transactions across India.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifetime Free Credit Card
Enjoy financial freedom with our Lifetime Free Credit Card - no annual fees, just exclusive discounts and offers.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle Credit Card
Unlock endless rewards and convenience with our Lifestyle Credit Card, where every swipe brings you exciting benefits.
Know More
Apply Now
View More
Terms and Conditions
The Terms & Conditions of your Fibe Credit Card will be updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Related Products
Best Seller
Lifestyle
Travel
Fuel
Shopping
Axis Bank REWARDS Credit Card
Milestone benefit of 1,500 EDGE REWARD Points
Bouquet of membership up to ₹1,000 every anniversary year
₹150 instant discount on Swiggy.
Joining Fee: ₹1000
Annual Fee: ₹1000
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle
Fuel
UPI card
Co-branded
Entertainment
INDIANOIL AXIS BANK Credit Card
Now seamlessly pay with UPI using your credit card
Earn up to 1,250 EDGE REWARD Points on first fuel transaction
4% value back on fuel spends at IndianOil outlets
Joining Fee: ₹500
Annual Fee: ₹500
Know More
Apply Now
Best Seller
Lifestyle
Fuel
UPI card
Fee waiver
Shopping
Food & Dining
Entertainment
Axis Bank My Zone Credit Card
Complimentary Sony LIV Premium subscription for 1 Year worth ₹1499
Flat ₹120 off* on Swiggy; twice a month
Enjoy complimentary airport lounge access* (4 times per year)
Joining Fee: ₹500
Annual Fee: ₹500
Know More
Apply Now
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse
range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your
transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit
card
Credit Card against
Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Add-On Credit Card
View More
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
720 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
600 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank