Neo Credit Card: Lifetime Free with Offers on Zomato, Myntra & More | Axis Bank
Lifetime free Credit Card
Activation benefits & rewards
Exclusive offers for big savings
Robust security features
NEO Credit Card
Axis Bank's NEO Credit Card is designed for the modern lifestyle, offering a seamless blend of rewards, convenience, and savings. This card provides exclusive benefits like cashback on movie tickets, discounts on dining, and great deals on shopping platforms. With robust security features, easy EMI options, and no hidden costs, the NEO Credit Card ensures a rewarding experience. It's your gateway to smarter spending and bigger savings.
The Terms & Conditions of NEO Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Read More
Features & Benefits
Fees & Charges
Eligibility & Documentation
Value Chart
Services
Features & Benefits
Flat ₹120 off on Zomato
₹120 off on food delivery with your NEO Credit Card
Read More
5% off on utility bill payments via Paytm
Get 5% off on mobile recharges/Broadband payment/DTH recharge done through Paytm.
Read More
Enjoy the 'Power of 10'
10% off on Blinkit - Up to ₹250 off on min spends of ₹750, valid once per month.
Read More
Travel Benefits on Cleartrip
Enjoy Flat 7% discount (up to ₹2,000) on domestic and international flight bookings and flat 18% discount (up to ₹4,000) on hotel bookings. Both benefits are applicable once per use per month.
Read More
Spend securely
All Axis Neo Credit Cards are equipped with an EMV certified
Read More
Stay protected with Zero Lost Card Liability
Report an Axis Bank Neo Credit Card as misplaced or stolen immediately by calling the Axis Bank
Read More
Convert purchases to EMI
Contact Axis Bank to easily convert substantial credit card expenditures into EMIs
Read More
Earn EDGE REWARDS Points
Receive EDGE REWARDS points for transactions and use them to redeem 500+ rewards and offers.
Read More
Activation Benefit
100% cashback up to ₹300 on first utility bill payment within first 30 days of card issuance
Read More
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Read More
View More
Flat ₹120 off on Zomato
₹120 off on food delivery with your NEO Credit Card
Use Coupon Code 'AXISNEO' to avail the discount
Maximum discount is capped at ₹120 per order
Offer applicable on minimum spends of ₹499 - Effective from 1st July-2025
Discount valid two times per month.
For detailed terms and conditions, click here.
5% off on utility bill payments via Paytm
Get 5% off on mobile recharges/Broadband payment/DTH recharge done through Paytm.
Enjoy a maximum discount of ₹150 each month, with a minimum transaction requirement of ₹299.
Customers may take advantage of this discount once monthly.
Use Coupon Code: AXISNEO to avail the discount
For detailed terms and conditions, click here.
Enjoy the 'Power of 10'
10% off on Blinkit - Up to ₹250 off on min spends of ₹750, valid once per month.
10% off on every purchase of movie ticket on BookMyShow with maximum monthly benefits up to ₹100.
₹150 off on Myntra on minimum spends of ₹999 on selected styles - Valid till 31st March'26
For detailed terms and conditions, click here
Dining Delights
Enjoy exceptional dining experiences at top restaurants across India with the Axis Bank Dining Delights Program. Valid till 30th July 2026
Click here for more details and full terms & conditions.
Spend securely
All Axis Neo Credit Cards are equipped with an EMV certified chip and PIN system, ensuring unmatched security.
The EMV chip technology significantly lowers the risk of counterfeit and skimming fraud.
Stay protected with Zero Lost Card Liability
Report an Axis Bank Neo Credit Card as misplaced or stolen immediately by calling the Axis Bank customer service at 18605005555 or 18604195555
With zero lost card liability, you are protected against any fraudulent use of your card from the moment the loss is reported.
*Terms and Conditions apply. For more details, refer to card member agreement clause no. 18
Convert purchases to EMI
Contact Axis Bank to easily convert substantial credit card expenditures into EMIs using options like Internet Banking, the Mobile App, or Customer Service. This conversion option is available for transactions exceeding
₹1,500 on the Neo Credit Card.
To know more, click here
Earn EDGE REWARDS Points
Receive EDGE REWARDS points for transactions and use them to redeem 500+ rewards and offers.
Earn 1 point for every ₹200 spent on the Neo Credit Card.
For options to redeem points, check the EDGE REWARDS Catalogue
Click here for detailed Terms and conditions.
Activation Benefit
100% cashback up to ₹300 on first utility bill payment within first 30 days of card issuance
Click here to view the terms and conditions.
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday.
Instant savings of up to 15% on flights & hotels via MakeMyTrip
10% off on orders via Swiggy
10% off up to Rs. 1000 on Tira
Click here to avail the offers
Travel Benefits on Cleartrip
Enjoy Flat 7% discount (up to ₹2,000) on domestic and international flight bookings and flat 18% discount (up to ₹4,000) on hotel bookings. Both benefits are applicable once per use per month.
Use code 'CTAXISNEO'
Please refer to the offer terms and conditions for more details.
Fees & Charges
The Neo Credit Card comes with various fees and charges, including joining fees, annual fees, cash payment fees, withdrawal fees, and applicable penalties.
View More
Fees & Charges
The Neo Credit Card comes with various fees and charges, including joining fees, annual fees, cash payment fees, withdrawal fees, and applicable penalties.
Description Charges
Joining Fee ₹250
Lifetime Free for select* channels
Annual Fee (Second year onwards) 1st Year: Nil
2nd Year onwards: ₹250
Lifetime Free for select* channels
Add-on Card Joining Fee Nil
Add-on Card Annual Fee Nil
Card Replacement Fee Nil
Cash Payment Fee ₹175
Duplicate Statement Fee Waived
Charge Slip Retrieval Fee or Copy Request Fee Waived
Outstation Cheque Fee Waived
Mobile Alerts for Transactions Free
Hotlisting Charges Nil
Balance Enquiry Charges Waived
Finance Charges (Retail Purchases & Cash) 3.75% per month (55.55% per annum)
Cash Withdrawal Fees
2.5% (Min. ₹500) Of The Cash Amount
Overdue Penalty or Late Payment Fee Nil if Total Payment Due is less than ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹5,000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000
₹1200 if total payment due is greater
than ₹10,000
An additional INR 100 charge will be levied if the 'Minimum Amount Due (MAD)' is not paid for two consecutive cycles and will apply until the MAD is cleared.
Over Limit Penalty 2.5% of over the limit amount (Min. ₹500)
Cheque return or dishonour Fee or Auto-debit Reversal 2% of the payment amount subject to Min. ₹500
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of Railway Tickets As prescribed by IRCTC/Indian Railways
Foreign Currency Transaction Fee 3.50% of the transaction value
GST As per existing Government norms
Reward Redemption fee Yes
Rent Transaction fee 1% fee per transaction will be applicable on each rental transaction. Taxes will be applicable as notified by Government of India.
Dynamic Currency Conversion markup 1.5% plus taxes will be applicable on Axis Bank Credit Cards for each International transaction performed in Indian currency at International location or transactions performed in Indian currency with merchants located in Indian but registered in foreign nation.
Fuel Transaction Surcharge 1% of transaction amount
Education Payment Charges 1% fee per transaction will be applicable on education payments made via third party apps
Wallet Load Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹ 10,000 or more on wallet loads per statement cycle
Fuel Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹ 50,000 or more on fuel transactions per statement cycle
Utility Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹ 25,000 or more on utilities per statement cycle
Online Skill-Based Gaming Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹ 10,000 or more on online skill-based gaming platforms in a statement cycle
Eligibility
Documentation
Eligibility for NEO Credit Card
Primary Cardholder should be 18-70 years of age
Add-on cardholder should be o<version> years
The individual should either be a Resident of India or a Non-Resident Indian
*The above criteria are only indicative. The bank reserves the right to approve or decline applications for credit card.
Apply Now
Documentation for NEO Credit Card
PAN card photocopy or Form 97
Proof of income - Latest payslip / Form 16 / IT Return
Residence proof - Driving License / Electricity Bill / Landline Telephone Bill
*The above list is only indicative. Documents required may vary on a case to case basis.
Value Chart
Power to save up to ₹10,000 in a calendar year.
Details Monthly Benefits (₹) Annual Benefits (₹)
Activation Benefit:100% Cashback up to ₹300 on first Utility bill payment within first 30 days of card issuance*
- 300
Food ordering at Zomato
240 2,880
Utility Bill Payments via Paytm
150 1,800
Grocery shopping at Blinkit
250 3,000
Movie spends on Bookmyshow
100 1,200
Edge Rewards
10 120
Total Benefit (Year 1)
- 9,300
Total Benefit(Year 2 onwards)
- 9,000
Annual Benefit as a % of spends***
- 10%
*Activation Benefits, applicable for first year only
*** For Illustrative purposes only
Terms and Conditions
The terms and conditions of Axis Bank NEO Credit Card have been updated w.e.f.20th June,2025. Please click here to know more.
Related Product for Credit Card
Best Seller
Co-branded
Shopping
Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card
Up to 3% cashback on every transaction*
CC on UPI enabled credit card for seamless transactions
Complimentary domestic lounge access basis spends*
Joining Fee: Nil
Annual Fee: Nil
Know More
Apply Now
Fee waiver
Axis Bank MY Zone Easy Credit Card
Contactless enabled secured credit card
4 EDGE REWARD
Points with every ₹200 spent
25% cashback on movies
Joining Fee: Nil
Annual Fee: Nil
Know More
Apply Now
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit card
Credit Card against Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Add-On Credit Card
View More
Swipe your Credit Card into a world of convenience
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
Experience the ultimate travel luxury with Airport Lounge Access Credit Cards, offering lounge access and exclusive travel perks.
Know More
Apply Now
Rupay Credit Card
Go local, go smart with RuPay Credit Card and enjoy awesome rewards and secure, hassle-free transactions across India.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifetime Free Credit Card
Enjoy financial freedom with our Lifetime Free Credit Card - no annual fees, just exclusive discounts and offers.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle Credit Card
Unlock endless rewards and convenience with our Lifestyle Credit Card, where every swipe brings you exciting benefits.
Know More
Apply Now
View More
Frequently Asked Questions
1. What is the credit limit for the NEO Credit Card?
The credit limit varies from person to person. We offer the best credit limit after a thorough assessment of your financial profile.
2. Am I eligible to avali a NEO Credit Card?
If you are an Indian resident or a NRI within the age group of 18 to 70 years, you are eligible to apply for the NEO Credit Card.
3. What are the documents required to apply for the NEO Credit Card?
You need a photocopy of your PAN card or Form 16, proof of income and proof of residence.
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
720 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
600 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Your Axis Neo Credit Card awaits you!
Apply Now
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank