Home Page - Burgundy Banking | Axis Bank
WELCOME TO BURGUNDY
The intellect of an investment house. The solidity of a leading bank. A think tank of highly experienced wealth specialists and relationship managers. A range of customisable wealth management, personal banking, business and lending solutions. Each tailored to help you grow and preserve your wealth.
Wealth Management
Personal Banking
Business & Lending Solutions
Beyond Banking
Eligibility & Charges
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
At Burgundy, our team of experts will curate a portfolio based on your needs, lifestyle and goals. And as your life evolves, we'll ensure that your portfolio does too.
Learn More
PERSONAL BANKING
From a dedicated Burgundy Relationship Manager to exclusive access to premium services and features, our banking solutions are designed to always keep you and your needs at the heart of our service.
Learn More
BUSINESS & LENDING SOLUTIONS
Your business will receive the same level of personal care and attention as you do.
Learn More
BEYOND BANKING
We go beyond the usual wealth solutions to facilitate all of our customer's financial needs.
LEGACY PLANNING
Explore More
PHILANTHROPY
Explore More
Offers Made for You
Check out a world of rewards, benefits and offers that are customised for your needs.
Earn when you spend with exciting
Cashback Offers
Access a plethora of incredible cashback offers from brands you love.
Explore all offers
Now get up to ₹ 3000 off*
on Goibibo Via GRAB DEALS
with Axis Bank Credit & Debit Cards.
Earn accelerated EDGE REWARD Points
with Axis Bank Credit & Debit Cards.
Redeem Now
Apply now to experience the Burgundy advantage
Open Now
Getting started: Eligibility & Charges
Eligibility
Your journey to premium banking starts here
Download pdf
Fees and Charge
Know the pricing for your exclusive banking experience
Download pdf
Complimentary luxury brand voucher worth ₹ 12,500 with
MAGNUS Credit Card
Travel & Stay
Health & Wellness
Know More
Got more questions?
Locate the nearest branch for best assessment.
Locate Branches
How Can We Help You Today?
Visit
axis.bank.in/support
Toll-free no.
1800 419 0065
Dedicated email ID for your queries
premium.experience@axis.bank.in
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank