Burgundy Private - Private Banking & Wealth Management Solutions | Axis Bank
The Power of One
The expertise of wealth management
backed by the power of a bank.
Burgundy Private - Private Banking by Axis Bank
At Burgundy Private, Private Banking by Axis Bank, you get bespoke
wealth management solutions combined with the power and stability of a leading bank.
This allows you to seamlessly navigate the intricacies of the entire wealth
management process: from assets to liabilities, from analysis to execution,
from investment strategy to financial planning, to preserve your legacy.
At the heart of the whole process is your Burgundy Private partner, an expert attuned to your needs.
And 'The One Card' for credit, debit, and forex: the only card you will ever need.
That's the power of One. And we invite you to experience it.
Our Expertise
Customised Wealth Solutions
Bespoke, expert-led wealth solutions tailored to your
goals, risk profile, and your evolving
wealth journey and private banking needs.
discover
Banking Solutions
Comprehensive banking support powered by a team of
dedicated experts and a robust platform.
discover
The One Card
For the first time ever, the benefits of credit,
debit, and foreign exchange (forex) combined into
one card.
discover
Customised Business &
Lending Solutions
Flexible, expert-backed financial solutions and
curated lending solutions including personal
loans, loans against property, and more, across assets and businesses,
attuned to your priorities
and needs.
discover
Strategic Partnerships
Seamless access to a network of experts to provide
perfect tools and solutions.
discover
Insights
Gain access to thought leadership and perspectives curated by seasoned
experts from
the One Axis network. These insights are curated keeping in mind ultra-high net worth
individuals such as yourself and designed to help you navigate opportunities, strategies, and
evolving global trends.
Economic Research |
Global
Disruption Tracker: Product inventory shortages manifest
Axis Bank Business Economic Research Team
discover
Economic Research |
India
Down the liquidity rabbit hole: 2.5-3% of NDTL is 'trapped'
Axis Bank Business Economic Research Team
discover
see all
Burgundy Private Experiences
Discover a selection of extraordinary invite-only experiences in arts,
lifestyle, culture, and
thought leadership, which are crafted to transcend the ordinary. After all, so do our clients.
discover
About Burgundy Private
Burgundy Private, Private Banking by Axis Bank, redefines private banking
through customised
wealth management solutions, unparalleled insights, and exclusive privileges for the truly
discerning.
Burgundy Private brings to its clients a comprehensive platform that provides tailored services
across wealth management, family-office solutions, personal & corporate banking, risk
management, family governance & succession-planning. Burgundy Private offers Investment
Advisory and Family Office Services through Axis Securities Limited.
discover
Start a conversation