Apply for PRIDE SIGNATURE Credit Card Online | Axis Bank
Pride Privileges
Complimentary Lounge Access
Dining Delights Discount
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
PRIDE SIGNATURE Credit Card
Pride Signature Credit Card is a tri-colored personalised card which comes with a host of benefits. The Pride Signature Credit Card provides complimentary access to airport lounges within India, minimum 15% discount at all partner restaurants and fuel surcharge waiver on fuel transactions of up to ₹400 per month.
The Terms & Conditions of Pride Signature Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Features & Benefits
Fees & Charges
Eligibility & Documentation
Services
Features & Benefits
Benefits of Pride Signature Credit Card include pride privileges like customised card, complimentary lounge access, delightful dining experience, waiver on surcharge, earn EDGE REWARD Points and much more.
Get pride privileges
Personalised card with the shades of the Indian Tricolour
Read More
Avail complimentary lounge access
Enjoy 2 complimentary visits to select airport lounges within India per calendar quarter with your Axis Bank Pride Signature Credit Card
Read More
Fuel up and get a waiver on surcharge
1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions in India with an Axis Bank Pride Signature Credit Card
Read More
Get free add-on cards for loved ones
Available for cardholder's spouse, parents, children, and siblings o<version> years of age
Spend securely
With an EMV certified chip credit card, all credit cards are chip and PIN protected for unrivalled protection
Read More
Stay protected with Zero Lost Card Liability
Report an Axis Bank Pride Signature Card as misplaced or stolen, immediately, by calling the Axis Bank customer service at 1860 500 5555 or
Read More
Earn EDGE REWARDS Points
EDGE REWARD points for transactions and 500+ rewards and offers to redeem points. Earn points for these transactions:
Read More
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Read More
View More
Get pride privileges
Personalised card with the shades of the Indian Tricolour
The dedicated 4th embossing line for serving the nation.
Avail complimentary lounge access
Enjoy 2 complimentary visits to select airport lounges within India per calendar quarter with your Axis Bank Pride Signature Credit Card
For more details and terms and conditions, please click here for Avail complimentary lounge access
Become a Dining Delight member
Offer Details: 15% off up to ₹500 Minimum Order Value ₹2500 Valid once per card per month.
Click here for more information
Fuel up and get a waiver on surcharge
1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions in India with an Axis Bank PRIDE SIGNATURE Credit Card
Valid on transactions between ₹400 and ₹4,000 only
Maximum benefits up to ₹400 per statement cycle*
GST charged on fuel surcharge is non-refundable
*No EDGE REWARD Points are earned on fuel transactions made using the Credit Card
Spend securely
With an EMV certified chip credit card, all credit cards are chip and PIN protected for unrivalled protection
EMV certified chip reduces the possibility of counterfeit and skimming fraud
Stay protected with Zero Lost Card Liability
Report an Axis Bank Pride Signature Card as misplaced or stolen, immediately, by calling the Axis Bank customer service at 1860 500 5555 or 1860 419 5555
With zero lost card liability, you are protected against any fraudulent use of your card from the moment the loss is reported
*Terms and Conditions apply. For details, refer to Card Member Agreement clause no. 18
Earn EDGE REWARDS Points
EDGE REWARD Points for transactions and 500+ rewards and offers to redeem points. Earn points for these transactions:
8 points for every ₹200 spent through your Credit Card
For options to redeem points, check the EDGE REWARDS Catalogue
Click here for detailed Terms and conditions.
Become a Dining Delight member
Discover new cuisines and flavours while you enjoy minimum 15% off* at partner restaurants with Axis Bank Dining Delights.
Check offer details
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Instant savings of up to 15% on flights & hotels via Goibibo and Makemytrip
10% off on orders via Swiggy and Amazon Fresh
10% off upto ₹1000 on Tira
Click here to avail the offers
Fees & Charges
View More
Fees & Charges
The fees and charges for Axis Bank Pride Signature Credit Card are listed in the table below.
Description Charges
Joining Fee Nil
Annual Fee
1st Year: Nil
2nd Year onwards: ₹500 (Waived on spends of ₹40,000 in the preceding year)
Rent transactions ( MCC 6513 ) and wallet load transactions ( MCC 6540 ) will not be eligible for spends counted in availing annual fee waiver
Add-on card joining fee
Nil
Add-on card annual fee
Nil
Card replacement fee
Nil
Cash payment fee
₹175
Duplicate Statement fee
Waived
Charge slip retrieval fee or copy request fee
Waived
Outstation cheque fee
Waived
Mobile alerts for transactions
Free
Hotlisting charges
Nil
Balance enquiry charges
Waived
Finance charges (Retail purchases and cash)
3.75% per month (55.55% per annum)
Cash withdrawal fees
2.5% (Min. ₹500) of the cash amount
Fuel Transaction Surcharge waiver
1% of transaction amount (Refunded for fuel transactions between ₹400 to ₹4,000). Maximum benefits up to ₹400 per month)
Overdue Penalty or Late Payment Fees
Nil if Total Payment Due is less than ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹5,000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000
₹1200 if total payment due is greater than ₹10,000
An additional ₹100 charge will be levied if the 'Minimum Amount Due (MAD)' is not paid for two consecutive cycles and will apply until the MAD is cleared
Over limit penalty
2.5% of the over limit amount (Min ₹500)
Cheque return or dishonor fee or auto-debit reversal
2% of the payment amount subject to min. ₹500
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of railway tickets
As prescribed by IRCTC/Indian Railways
Foreign currency transaction fee
3.50% of the transaction value
GST
As per existing Government norms
Reward Redemption fee
Yes
Rent Transaction fee
1% fee per transaction will be applicable on each rental transaction. Taxes will be applicable as notified by Government of India.
Dynamic Currency Conversion markup
1.5% plus taxes will be applicable on Axis Bank Credit Cards for each International transaction performed in Indian currency at International location or transactions performed in Indian currency with merchants located in Indian but registered in foreign nation. DCC markup will not be applicable on Burgundy Private Credit Card
Education Payment Charges
1% fee per transaction will be applicable on education payments made via third party apps
Wallet Load Transaction Fee
1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹ 10,000 or more on wallet loads per statement cycle
Fuel Transaction Fee
1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹ 50,000 or more on fuel transactions per statement cycle
Utility Transaction Fee
1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹ 25,000 or more on utilities per statement cycle
Online Skill-Based Gaming Transaction Fee
1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹ 10,000 or more on online skill-based gaming platforms in a statement cycle
Eligibility
Documentation
Eligibility for Pride Signature Credit Card
Applying for a Pride Signature Credit Card requires you to fulfil certain eligibility criteria. You can access the list of the eligibility criteria, below.
Individuals eligible for Axis Bank Pride Signature Credit Card:
Indian Defence personnel
Primary cardholder between the age of 18 years and 70 years
Add-on cardholder should be o<version> years
Individual should either be a Resident of India or Non-Resident Indian
These criteria are only indicative. The bank reserves the right to approve or decline applications for credit cards.
Documentation for Pride Signature Credit Card
Proof of income, residence, identity, etc. will be needed as documents for Pride Signature Credit Card. Documents like PAN card, photocopy or Form 60, ration card, etc. will also be required as documents. The details of documents needed are enlisted here.
Keep your documents ready
The following documents are required:
PAN card photocopy or Form 97
Colour photograph
Latest payslip / Form 16 / IT return copy as proof of income
Residence proof (any one of the following):=
Passport
Ration Card
Electricity bill
Landline telephone bill
Identity proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Driving License
PAN Card
Aadhaar card
This list is only indicative. Documents required may vary on a case-to-case basis.
A credit card which is
easy on your pocket
Explore More
Download Application Form - PRIDE SIGNATURE Credit Card
The Pride Signature Credit Card application form is available in the 'apply' column on the home page. Contact the helpline numbers for any queries regarding Pride Signature Credit Card form.
Terms and Conditions
Please click here for the terms and conditions
Download pdf
Card Member Agreement
Please click here for the Card Member Agreement
Download pdf
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit card
Credit Card against Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Co-branded
Axis Bank Vistara Infinite Credit Card
Welcome benefit - 1 complimentary business class ticket on fee payment
Earn up to 4 business class tickets every year
Earn 6 Club Vistara Points per ₹200 spent
Joining Fee: ₹10,000
Annual Fee: ₹10,000
Know More
Co-branded
Axis Bank Freecharge Plus Credit Card
5% cashback on Freecharge spends
2% cashback on local commute, 1% cashback on all other spends
Annual fee waiver on spends of ₹50,000 in preceding card anniversary year
Joining Fee: ₹350
Annual Fee: Nil
Know More
Lifestyle
Travel
Fuel
Fee waiver
Food & Dining
Axis Bank ACE Credit Card
5% cashback* on Utility bill payments & recharges on Google Pay
4% cashback on Swiggy, Zomato & Ola; 1.5% cashback on other spends
4 free lounge access at select domestic airports, 1% fuel surcharge waiver
Joining Fee: ₹499
Annual Fee: ₹499
Know More
Related Products
Swipe your Credit Card into a world of convenience
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
Experience the ultimate travel luxury with Airport Lounge Access Credit Cards, offering lounge access and exclusive travel perks.
Know More
Apply Now
Rupay Credit Card
Go local, go smart with RuPay Credit Card and enjoy awesome rewards and secure, hassle-free transactions across India.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifetime Free Credit Card
Enjoy financial freedom with our Lifetime Free Credit Card - no annual fees, just exclusive discounts and offers.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle Credit Card
Unlock endless rewards and convenience with our Lifestyle Credit Card, where every swipe brings you exciting benefits.
Know More
Apply Now
View More
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
720 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
600 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank