Miles & More Credit Card - Apply for Miles & More Credit Card | Axis Bank
Your Axis Credit Card awaits you!
Apply Now
Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Card
The Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Card offers you dual benefits with unlimited miles for travel. The other benefits include membership to the Miles & More Club, enabling automatic payments with your card and paying utility bills. Get unrivalled safety for your transactions with the EMV certified chip in your Miles & More Credit Card. Spend more and be eligible to earn unlimited miles with the Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Card.
The Terms & Conditions of Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Card will be updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Features & Benefits
Eligibility & Documentation
Downloads
Fees & Charges
Services
Terms & Conditions
Features & Benefits
Besides earning unlimited miles other benefits of Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Card include bonus miles on card activation and a priority pass with complimentary visits. Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Card also covers any mishaps through insurance on baggage losses, air accidents, lost card or credit shield.
All miles redemption are done via Miles & More only. Please contact 18001025838 from Monday to Friday (9am to
6pm) and Saturday(9am to 1pm), quoting your Miles & More membership number. To know more please, Click here .
Read More
Get up to 15,000 Bonus Miles
Earn up to 15,000 Bonus Welcome Miles and a Priority Pass as joining benefits on your first transaction.
Earn unlimited and never expiring miles
Earn Bonus Welcome award miles on your first transaction and a priority pass
Read More
Redeem your miles for exciting rewards
Redeem accumulated miles in numerous ways on the Miles and More (India) website
Read More
Access airport lounges across the world with your first swipe
Priority Pass Lounge Access
Read More
Spend securely
Credit card is enabled with a chip and PIN facility, offering unrivalled protection
Read More
Pay bills from any bank account
Enroll for auto-debit and pay Axis Bank Credit Card bills from any other bank account.
Read More
Pay utility bills automatically
Initiate a simple standing instruction on the credit card to make utility bill payments through the Axis Bank Bill Pay service and ensure all bills are paid on time
Read More
Keep yourself, your family and assets safe
Click here to know more T&Cs
Convert purchases to EMI (equated monthly instalment)
On any transaction over ₹2,500, contact the Bank to convert a big credit card purchase into
EMIs
Read More
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Read More
View More
Earn unlimited and never expiring miles
Earn Bonus Welcome award miles on your first transaction and a priority pass
To know more please, Click here
Eligible spends transactions are defined as spends excluding reversals, fraud
transactions, fee payments, cash withdrawals and advances, interest charges, EMI transactions,
and transactions identified under MCCs of fuel, wallet loads/spends, rent, insurance, utilities,
government spends and gold & jewelry.
Easily earn up to 55,000 miles in your first year and redeem them for exciting rewards.
To know more please, click here
While the Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Card is in use, award miles will never expire. Accumulate miles and enjoy benefits like award flights, a stay in a luxury resort or a dream vacation.
To ensure that miles never expire:
Be a Miles & More Credit Card holder for at least 3 months
Make at least 1 miles-related purchase every month with the Miles & More Credit Card by Axis Bank
First Transaction to be done within the first 30 days of card issuance.
Terms and conditions apply
First Transaction to be done within the first 30 days of card issuance.
Redeem your miles for exciting rewards
Redeem accumulated miles in numerous ways on the Miles and More (India) website
Flights and Upgrades:
Book flights with all the Star Alliance airline partners and other Miles & More airline partners
Upgrade an already booked air ticket to a higher class of service with Condor and various Star Alliance partners
Hotels:
Spend miles on accommodation in premium hotels and luxurious resorts
Shopping:
Redeem miles at our partner stores or choose from our wide range of online partners
Car rentals:
Rent cars using Miles award
A good cause:
With award miles, help a child to go to school, ensure the care of an orphaned child, or replant forests
To find out more, please click here
Terms and conditions apply
Access airport lounges across the world with your first swipe
Priority Pass Lounge Access
On your Axis Bank Miles & More World Credit Card , you can avail 2
complimentary visits* to Priority Pass lounges card membership year.
On your Axis Bank Miles & More World Select Credit Card , you can avail 4
complimentary visits* to Priority Pass lounges card membership year.
*Terms & conditions apply
Complimentary visits on the Priority Pass are for the Primary cardholder only
Lounge visits post complimentary visits are subject to per person per visit charge
Guests charges are applicable for all visits
For all applicable charges and eligible lounges please visit prioritypass.com
For renewal of your Priority Pass simply call and request on 1860-419-5555
MasterCard Lounge Access
Complimentary access to MasterCard Lounges in India
Program Terms & Conditions
There are 8 complimentary domestic lounge visits applicable per quarter for Miles &
More Axis Bank World Select Credit Card and 4 complimentary domestic lounge visits
applicable per quarter for Miles & More Axis Bank World Credit Card, subject to meeting the
spends criteria. For more details, click here for Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Credit Card and click here Miles & More Axis Bank World Credit
Card.
The program is available at the following airport lounges in India
List of Lounges
To know more please, click here .
Spend securely
Credit card is enabled with a chip and PIN facility, offering unrivalled protection
Chip is capable of storing and transacting data in an encrypted format and is encrypted with a PIN that is only known to the cardholder
How to use a CHIP and PIN card:
Just like a magnetic stripe card, the CHIP and PIN enabled credit card too can be used at the merchant's payment terminals directly. Instead of swiping the card, merchants need to 'Dip' your card into a CHIP reader slot.
Paying through CHIP and PIN enabled Credit Card is a 3-step process:
Dip/Swipe your card
Enter your ATM PIN
Sign on charge slip
Pay utility bills automatically
Initiate a simple standing instruction on the credit card to make utility bill payments through the Axis Bank Bill Pay service and ensure all bills are paid on time every month
To know more details, please call the customer service on 1800 209 5577 / 1800 103 5577
List Of Billers
Pay bills from any bank account
Enroll for auto-debit and pay Axis Bank Credit Card bills from any other bank account. Download the ECS forms (Part A and Part B) and send the completely filled forms through post to the address mentioned on the form.
ECS Form Part A
ECS Form Part B
Dining Delights
Get 40% off or up to ₹1000 and 25% off or up to ₹800 at our partner restaurants across the country on Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Credit Card. Visit dining.eazydiner.com/axisbank to know more.
Convert purchases to EMI (equated monthly instalment)
On any transaction over ₹2,500, contact the Bank to convert a big credit card purchase into
EMIs
To learn more, click here
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Instant savings of up to 15% on flights & hotels via Goibibo and Makemytrip
10% off on orders via Swiggy and Amazon Fresh
10% off upto ₹1000 on Tira
Click here to avail the offers
Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Card
Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Card
Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Card Welcome Bonus: 15,000 miles
Miles & More Axis Bank World Card Welcome Bonus: 5,000 award miles
Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Card Earn 6 Award Miles per ₹200 of eligible
spends
Miles & More Axis Bank World Card - Earn 4 Award Miles per ₹200 of eligible spends
Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Card No expiry of award miles
Miles & More Axis Bank World Card No expiry of award miles
Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Card Annual Bonus : 4,000 award miles
Miles & More Axis Bank World Card Annual Bonus of 3,000 award miles
Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Card 8 complimentary visits to select airport lounges per quarter
Miles & More Axis Bank World Card 4 complimentary visits to select airport lounges per quarter
Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Card Preferred rates on Axis Bank loans
Miles & More Axis Bank World Card Preferred rates on Axis Bank Loans
Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Card 4 Priority Pass lounge visits p.a
- Priority Pass will be issued automatically on activation of the Credit Card.
Miles & More Axis Bank World Card 2 Priority Pass lounge visits p.a
- Priority Pass will be issued automatically on activation of the Credit Card.
Total Miles* earned in a year
Monthly Spend (in ₹)
World Select Card
World Card
Activation Welcome Miles
15,000
5,000
Annual Miles on Renewal
4,000
3,000
Spend Linked Miles
1,00,000
36,000
24,000
Total Miles
55,000
32,000
Eligibility
Documentation
Eligibility for Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Card
Eligibility for Miles & More Credit Card includes an age limit for primary (18 - 70 years of age) and add-on card (18 years onwards) applicants. Applicants need to be residents of India. The eligibility conditions are indicative and Axis Bank has the sole right to take the final decision.
Individuals eligible for Miles & More Credit Card:
Primary cardholder between the age of 18 years and 70 years
Add-on cardholder should be o<version> years
Individual should either be a Resident of India or Non-Resident Indian
These criteria are only indicative. The bank reserves the right to approve or decline applications for credit cards.
Documents for Miles & More Credit Card include residence and identity proof as well as a PAN card / Form 60 and income proof. Applicants also need to provide a colour photograph. Additional credit card statement is required for existing Miles and More members. The documents can vary depending upon the case.
Documentation for Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Card
The following documents are required:
PAN card photocopy or Form 60
Colour photograph
Latest payslip / Form 16 / IT return copy as proof of income
Residence proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Ration card
Electricity bill
Landline telephone bill
Copy of latest Miles & More Membership Card statement (for existing Miles & More members only)
Credit card statement of existing Miles & More Credit Card (not older than 2 months) issued by Miles & More earlier Banking partner in India (for existing Miles & More members only)
This list is only indicative. Documents required may vary on a case-to-case basis.
Download Application Form - Miles & More Credit Card
The Miles & More Credit Card application form consists of ECS forms (Part A and Part B) that needs to be filled. Customers need to courier the completed application form at the given address to apply for the Miles & More Credit Card.
ECS Form Part A
Download pdf
ECS Form Part B
Download pdf
List of Billers
Download pdf
Frequently Asked Questions on CHIP & PIN
Download pdf
View More
Fees & Charges
View fees & charges
Fees & Charges
The fees and charges for Miles & More Credit Card are applicable to all card holders. Miles & More Credit Card fees are charged for cash payment, joining, cheque return, foreign currency transaction, late payment and an annual fee. Rest of the fees are waived off for customer benefit.
Charges Axis Bank Miles and More World Credit Card Axis Bank Miles and More Select Credit Card
Standard Joining Fee ₹3,500 + GST ₹10,000 + GST
Standard Annual Fee (2nd year onwards) ₹3,500 + GST ₹4,500 + GST
Standard Add-on Card Joining Fee Nil Nil
Standard Add-on Card Annual Fee Nil Nil
Finance Charges (Retail Purchases & Cash) 3.7% per month (55.55% per annum) 3.7% per month (55.55% per annum)
Cash Withdrawal Fees 2.5% (Min. ₹500) of the Cash Amount 2.5% (Min. ₹500) of the Cash Amount
Fee for Cash Payment ₹175/- ₹175/-
Card Replacement Nil Nil
Duplicate Statement Fee Waived Waived
Overdue Penalty or Late Payment Fee
Nil if Total Payment Due is less than ₹500 Nil if Total Payment Due is less than ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹5,000 ₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹5,000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000 ₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000
₹1200 if total payment due is greater than ₹10,000 ₹1200 if total payment due is greater than ₹10,000
Additional ₹100 on missing payment of Minimum Amount Due (MAD) by the due date for two consecutive cycles. This charge will continue to be applicable for every payment cycle until the MAD is cleared. Additional ₹100 on missing payment of Minimum Amount Due (MAD) by the due date for two consecutive cycles. This charge will continue to be applicable for every payment cycle until the MAD is cleared.
Over Limit Penalty 2.5% of the overlimit amount (Min. ₹500) 2.5% of the overlimit amount (Min. ₹500)
Chargeslip Retrieval Fee or Copy Request Fee Waived Waived
Outstation Cheque Fee Waived Waived
Cheque return or dishonour Fee or Auto-debit Reversal 2% of the payment amount subject to Min. ₹500 2% of the payment amount subject to Min. ₹500
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of Railway Tickets As prescribed by IRCTC / Indian Railways As prescribed by IRCTC / Indian Railways
Foreign Currency Transaction Fee 3.50% of the transaction value 3.50% of the transaction value
Mobile Alerts for Transactions Waived Waived
Hotlisting Charges Waived Waived
Balance Enquiry Charges Waived Waived
Reward Redemption fee No No
Rent Transaction fee
(Applicable from 5th March
2023) 1% fee per transaction will be applicable on rental transactions. Taxes will be applicable as notified by Government of India.
1% fee per transaction will be applicable on rental transactions. Taxes will be applicable as notified by Government of India.
Wallet load transaction 1% fee will be levied on cumulative wallet load transactions of ₹10,000 or more in a statement cycle
1% fee will be levied on cumulative wallet load transactions of ₹10,000 or more in a statement cycle
Fuel Transaction 1% fee will be levied on cumulative fuel transactions of ₹50,000 or more in a statement cycle
1% fee will be levied on cumulative fuel transactions of ₹50,000 or more in a statement cycle
Education Transaction 1% fee will be applicable on each education payments done through third party apps
1% fee will be applicable on each education payments done through third party apps
Utility Transaction 1% fee will be levied on cumulative spends of ₹25,000 or more made towards utility payments in a statement cycle within a statement period
1% fee will be levied on cumulative spends of ₹25,000 or more made towards utility payments in a statement cycle within a statement period
Online skill-based gaming 1% fee will be applicable for cumulative spends of ₹10,000 or more on online skill-based gaming platforms in a statement period
1% fee will be applicable for cumulative spends of ₹10,000 or more on online skill-based gaming platforms in a statement period
Dynamic Currency Conversion
markup (Applicable from 5th
March 2023)
1.5% on International
transaction performed in
Indian currency at
International location or
transactions performed in
Indian currency with
merchants located in Indian
but registered in foreign
nation
1.5% on International
transaction performed in
Indian currency at
International location or
transactions performed in
Indian currency with
merchants located in Indian
but registered in foreign
nation
Service Tax, as notified by the Government of India, is applicable on all fees, interest & other charges, and is subject to change as per relevant regulations of the Government of India.
The joining fee and the annual fee are waived for HON and Senator Status members, where the status will be defined as per the status for Miles & More membership account.
Over Limit Penalty 2.5% of the overlimit amount (Min. ₹500) 2.5% of the overlimit amount (Min. ₹500) Chargeslip Retrieval Fee or Copy Request Fee Waived Waived Outstation Cheque Fee Waived Waived Cheque return or dishonour Fee or Auto-debit Reversal 2% of the payment amount subject to Min. ₹450, Max. ₹1,515 2% of the payment amount subject to Min. ₹450, Max. ₹1,515 Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of Railway Tickets As prescribed by IRCTC / Indian Railways As prescribed by IRCTC / Indian Railways Foreign Currency Transaction Fee 3.50% of the transaction value 3.50% of the transaction value Mobile Alerts for Transactions Waived Waived Hotlisting Charges Waived Waived Balance Enquiry Charges Waived Waived Reward Redemption fee No No
Service Tax, as notified by the Government of India, is applicable on all fees, interest & other charges, and is subject to change as per relevant regulations of the Government of India.
The joining fee and the annual fee are waived for HON and Senator Status members, where the status will be defined as per the status for Miles & More membership account.
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit card
Credit Card against Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
A credit card which is
easy on your pocket
View all Credit Cards
Terms & Conditions
The terms and conditions of Miles & More Axis Bank Credit Cards will be updated w.e.f 20th June 2025
Please click here to know more about Miles & More Axis Bank World Select Credit Card and click here to know more about Miles & More Axis Bank World Credit Card.
Related Products
Best Seller
Lifestyle
Travel
Fuel
Shopping
Axis Bank REWARDS Credit Card
Milestone benefit of 1,500 EDGE REWARD Points
Bouquet of membership up to ₹1,000 every anniversary year
₹150 instant discount on Swiggy.
Joining Fee: ₹1000
Annual Fee: ₹1000
Know More
Apply Now
Best Seller
Lifestyle
Fuel
Fee waiver
Shopping
FLIPKART AXIS BANK Credit Card
Welcome benefits worth ₹350 upon card activation (not applicable on First year free offer)
Best in class cashback on Myntra, Flipkart and Cleartrip.
Unlimited cashback on Swiggy, Uber, PVR and many more.
Joining Fee: Nil
Annual Fee: ₹500
(Limited period offer)
Know More
Apply Now
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank