Apply for My Zone Easy Credit Card Online | Axis Bank
Assured approval
Movie ticket cashback
High cash withdrawals
Free credit for 50 days
MY ZONE EASY Credit Card
Get your Fixed Deposit backed secured credit card, with minimal documentation and guaranteed approval.
Features & Benefits
Fees & Charges
Eligibility
Terms & Conditions
Services
MY ZONE EASY Credit Card Features & Benefits
Exciting cashback on movie tickets, delightful dinners, convert purchases to EMI, earn EDGE REWARD points and avail more such benefits on My Zone Easy Credit Card.
Get 25% cashback on movie tickets
25% cashback on online and box office movie ticket purchases all week with your MY Zone Easy Credit Card*
Read More
Contactless-enabled card
Forget swiping, just tap the card and make a secure transaction of up to ₹5000.
Withdraw as much cash as required
Cash withdrawals upto 100% of your credit limit from day one
Enjoy free credit for 50 days
No extra charge on purchase transactions for upto 50 days*
Read More
Get a guaranteed approval
Any application for the Axis Bank MY Zone Easy Credit Card gets guaranteed approval
Spend securely
The card is equipped with the Platinum Chip contactless technology, which offers clear authentication of credit payments, combined with easy fraud detection.
Read More
Fuel up and get a waiver on surcharge
You get a 1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions in India with an Axis Bank MY Zone Easy Credit Card.
Read More
Convert purchases to EMI
On any transaction over ₹2,500, contact the Bank to convert a big credit card purchase into EMIs
Read More
Earn EDGE REWARDS
Earn EDGE REWARD points on your transactions and enjoy 500+ rewards and offers to redeem them. Get 4 points for every ₹200 spent on domestic transactions.
Dining Delights
Indulge in delectable cuisines with Axis Bank Dining Delights offering a minimum 15%* off at our partner restaurants in India.
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Read More
View More
Fees & Charges
View fees & charges
Fees & Charges
Descriptions Charges
Standard Joining Fee ₹500
Standard Annual Fee ₹500
Standard Add-on Card Joining Fee NIL
Standard Add-on Card Annual Fee NIL
Finance Charges (Retail purchases & cash) 3.40% per month (49.36% per annum)
Cash Withdrawal Fees 2.5% (minimum ₹500) of the cash amount
Fee for Cash Payment ₹175
Card Replacement Nil
Overdue Penalty or Late Payment Fee Nil if the total payment due is less than ₹500
₹500 if the total payment due is between ₹501 and ₹5,000
₹750 if the total payment due is between ₹5,001 and ₹10,000
₹1200 if the total payment due is greater than ₹10,000
An additional charge of ₹100 will be applicable
on missing payment of Minimum Amount Due (MAD) by the due date for two consecutive cycles. This
charge will continue to be applicable for every payment cycle until the MAD is cleared.
Overlimit penalty 2.5% of the over limit amount (Minimum. ₹500)
Emergency card replacement fee when overseas (through VISA) As per VISA Global Customer Assistance Services (GCAS)
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of railway tickets As prescribed by Indian Railways
Fuel transaction surcharge 1% of transaction amount (refunded for fuel transactions between ₹400 and ₹4000)
Foreign currency transaction Fee 3.50% of the transaction value
Mobile alerts for transactions Waived
Hotlisting charges NIL
Balance enquiry charges Waived
Cheque return or dishonour fee or auto debit reversal 2% of the payment amount subject to a minimum ₹500 and maximum ₹1,522
Reward redemption fee Yes
Rent transaction fee 1% on transaction will be applicable on each rental transaction done on MCC
Dynamic currency conversion markup 1.5% + taxes for each international transaction performed in
Indian currency at International location or transactions performed in Indian currency with merchants
located in India but registered in foreign nation
Charge structure is subject to change from time to time at the sole discretion of Axis Bank.
As per Ministry of Finance guidelines, GST as per existing government norms is being levied on all fees, interests & other charges on all credit cards. No refund shall be provided for GST charged on fuel transaction surcharge.
Get 25% cashback on movie tickets
25% cashback on online and box office movie ticket purchases all week with your MY Zone Easy Credit Card*
*No reward points are earned on movie offer transactions. The amount of cashback in a calendar year is limited to ₹1000.
*Only transactions made at merchants registered as MCC 7832 or MCC 7922 are eligible for movie cashback
Enjoy free credit for 50 days
No extra charge on purchase transactions for upto 50 days*
*Applicable only if there is no outstanding on the card account i.e., previous bill has been settled in full by the payment due date. Not applicable on cash transactions.
Spend securely
The card is equipped with the Platinum Chip contactless technology, which offers clear authentication of credit payments, combined with easy fraud detection.
The chip cannot be duplicated, ruling out counterfeiting and skimming, making it safer than other cards. The card is Chip and PIN protected for additional security
Fuel up and get a waiver on surcharge
You get a 1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions in India with an Axis Bank MY Zone Easy Credit Card.
A 1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions in India with an Axis Bank MY Zone Easy Credit Card.
Fuel surcharge refund on spending at all fuel stations across India with MY Zone Easy Credit Card. Valid on transactions between ₹400 and ₹4,000 only. Maximum benefits up to ₹400* per statement cycle.
The goods and services tax (GST) charged on fuel surcharge is non-refundable.
*No reward points are earned on fuel transactions.
The fuel surcharge is not levied by the card-issuing bank on certain fuel transactions. The fuel surcharge may be levied as ₹10 instead of 1% with additional GST.
The fuel surcharge is not levied by the card-issuing bank on certain fuel transactions. The fuel surcharge may be levied as ₹10 + GST instead of 1% + GST.
Convert purchases to EMI
On any transaction over ₹2,500, contact the bank to convert a big credit card purchase into EMIs
To know more, click here to Convert purchases to EMI
Earn EDGE REWARDS
EDGE REWARD points for transactions and 500+ rewards and offers to redeem points. Earn 4 points on domestic spends for every ₹ 200 spent.
For options to redeem points, check the EDGE REWARDS Catalogue
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Instant savings of up to 15% on flights & hotels via Goibibo and Makemytrip
10% off on orders via Swiggy and Amazon Fresh
10% off upto ₹ 1000 on Tira
Click here to avail the offers
Eligibility
Eligibility for MY ZONE EASY Credit Card
A Fixed Deposit at any Axis Bank branch is required.
Minimum Fixed Deposit amount is ₹15,000, while maximum amounts to ₹25 lakhs.
Minors are not eligible for the card.
Additionally, the MY Zone Easy Credit Card cannot be issued against:
1. Tax Saver Fixed Deposits.
2. Flexi-Deposits (Auto-sweep Fixed Deposits).
3. Fixed Deposits in the name of HUFs (Hindu undivided families), societies, trusts, or companies.
Apply Now
Terms & Conditions
Please click here for terms and conditions
Please click here to view card member agreement
Please click here to view Lien Declaration
Your Axis FD backed Credit Card awaits you!
Apply Now
Cards for you
You'll find the right card for every need in life.
Explore More
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit card
Credit Card against Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Related Products
Lifestyle
Fuel
UPI card
Co-branded
Entertainment
INDIANOIL AXIS BANK Credit Card
Now seamlessly pay with UPI using your credit card
Earn up to 1,250 EDGE REWARD Points on first fuel transaction
4% value back on fuel spends at IndianOil outlets
Joining Fee: ₹500
Annual Fee: ₹500
Know More
Apply Now
Co-branded
Axis Bank Freecharge Plus Credit Card
5% cashback on Freecharge spends
2% cashback on local commute, 1% cashback on all other spends
Annual fee waiver on spends of ₹50,000 in preceding card anniversary year
Joining Fee: ₹350
Annual Fee: Nil
Know More
Lifestyle
Travel
Fuel
Fee waiver
Food & Dining
Axis Bank ACE Credit Card
5% cashback* on Utility bill payments & recharges on Google Pay
4% cashback on Swiggy, Zomato & Ola; 1.5% cashback on other spends
4 free lounge access at select domestic airports, 1% fuel surcharge waiver
Joining Fee: ₹499
Annual Fee: ₹499
Know More
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank