Apply for Pride Platinum Credit Card Online | Axis Bank
Pride Privileges
Dining Delights Discounts
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Convert Purchases to EMI
PRIDE PLATINUM Credit Card
Exclusively tailored to suit the brave personnel serving in Indian Defence Forces and the Government of India employees, Pride Platinum Credit Card offers15% discount at partnered restaurants, fuel surcharge waiver up to ₹ 250, earn
eDGE loyalty reward points for each transaction which can later be redeemed. You can spend securely with our EVM certified PIN protected credit card chips and conversion to EMIs of transactions more than ₹ 2500.
The Terms & Conditions of Pride Platinum Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Read More
Features & Benefits
Fees & Charges
Eligibility & Documentation
Services
Features & Benefits
The benefits of the Pride Platinum Credit Card include Dining Delights membership, waiver on fuel surcharge and free add-on cards. You can find the features and benefits listed below:
Get pride privileges
Personalised card with the shades of the Indian Tricolour
Read More
Fuel up and get a waiver on surcharge
1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions in India with an Axis Bank Pride Platinum Credit Card
Read More
Get free add-on cards for loved ones
Available for cardholder's spouse, parents, children, and siblings o<version> years of age
Spend securely
With an EMV certified chip credit card, all credit cards are chip and PIN protected for unrivalled protection.
Read More
Stay protected with Zero Lost Card Liability
With zero lost card liability, you are protected against any fraudulent use
Read More
Convert purchases to EMI
On any transaction over ₹2,500, contact the Bank to convert a big credit card
Read More
Earn EDGE REWARDS Points
Receive EDGE REWARD Points for your PRIDE PLATINUM Credit Card transactions
Read More
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Read More
View More
Get pride privileges
Personalised card with the shades of the Indian Tricolour
The dedicated 4th embossing line for serving the nation.
Fuel up and get a waiver on surcharge
1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions in India with an Axis Bank Pride Platinum Credit Card
Valid on transactions between ₹400 and ₹4,000 only
Maximum benefits up to ₹250 per statement cycle*
GST charged on fuel surcharge is non-refundable
*No EDGE REWARD Points are earned on fuel transactions made using the credit card
Stay protected with Zero Lost Card Liability
With zero lost card liability, you are protected against any fraudulent use of your card from the moment the loss is reported.
Report an Axis Bank Pride Platinum Credit Card as misplaced or stolen immediately by calling the Axis Bank customer service at 1860 500 5555 or 1860 419 5555 .
*Terms and Conditions apply. For details, refer to card member agreement clause no. 18.
Earn EDGE REWARDS Points
Receive EDGE REWARD Points for your PRIDE PLATINUM Credit Card transactions and use them to redeem 500+ rewards and offers. Earn points for these transactions:
4 points on every ₹200 spent on the Credit Card.
For options to redeem points, check the EDGE REWARDS Catalogue .
Click here for detailed Terms and conditions.
Spend securely
With an EMV certified chip credit card, all credit cards are chip and PIN protected for unrivalled protection.
EMV certified chip reduces the possibility of counterfeit and skimming fraud.
Convert purchases to EMI
On any transaction over ₹2,500, contact the Bank to convert a big credit card purchase into EMIs, through multiple options - Internet Banking, Mobile App or Customer Service channel.
To know more click here
Wednesday Delight
Instant savings of up to 15% on flights & hotels via MakeMyTrip
10% off on orders via Swiggy
10% off upto ₹1000 on Tira
Click here to avail the offers
Fees & Charges
The fees and charges for Pride Platinum Credit Card include annual fees, cash payment and withdrawal fees, and certain penalties (if any) amongst others. Some Pride Platinum Credit Card fees are however subject to certain waivers.
View More
Fees & Charges
Descriptions
Charges
Joining Fee Nil
Annual Fee 1st Year: Nil
2nd Year onwards: ₹250 (Waived on spends of ₹20,000 in the preceding year)
Rent transactions ( MCC 6513 ) and wallet load transactions ( MCC 6540 ) will not be eligible for spends counted in availing annual fee waiver
Add-on Card Joining Fee Nil
Add-on Card Annual Fee Nil
Card Replacement Nil
Cash Payment Fee ₹175
Duplicate Statement Fee Waived
Charge Slip Retrieval Fee or Copy Request Fee Waived
Outstation Cheque Fee Waived
Mobile Alerts for Transactions Free
Hotlisting Charges Nil
Balance Enquiry Charges Waived
Finance Charges (Retail Purchases & Cash) 3.75% per month (55.55% per annum)
Cash Withdrawal Fees 2.5% (Min. ₹500) of the Cash Amount
Overdue Penalty or Late Payment Fee Nil if Total Payment Due is less than ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹5,000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000
₹1200 if total payment due is greater than ₹10,000
An additional ₹100 charge will be levied if the 'Minimum Amount Due (MAD)' is not paid for two consecutive cycles and will apply until the MAD is cleared.
Over Limit Penalty 2.5% of over the limit amount (Min. ₹500)
Cheque return or dishonour Fee or Auto-debit Reversal 2% of the payment amount subject to Min. ₹500
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of Railway Tickets As prescribed by IRCTC/Indian Railways
Foreign Currency Transaction Fee 3.50% of the transaction value
EDGE REWARDS Redemption Free
GST As per existing Government norms
Reward Redemption fee Yes
Interest Free Period The interest-free period on your card will range from 18 to 23 days from the statement generation date
Rent Transaction fee 1% fee per transaction will be applicable on each rental transaction. Taxes will be applicable as notified by Government of India.
Dynamic Currency Conversion markup 1.5% plus taxes will be applicable on Axis Bank Credit Cards for each International transaction performed in Indian currency at International location or transactions performed in Indian currency with merchants located in Indian but registered in foreign nation. DCC markup will not be applicable on Burgundy Private Credit Card
Education Payment Charges 1% fee per transaction will be applicable on education payments made via third party apps
Wallet Load Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹10,000 or more on wallet loads per statement cycle
Fuel Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹50,000 or more on fuel transactions per statement cycle
Utility Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹25,000 or more on utilities per statement cycle
Online Skill-Based Gaming Transaction Fee 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹10,000 or more on online skill-based gaming platforms in a statement cycle
Eligibility
Documentation
Eligibility for Pride Platinum Credit Card
Listed below are the eligibity criteria that one needs to fulfill in order to apply for a Pride Platinum Credit Card.
Individuals eligible for Axis Bank Pride Platinum Credit Card:
Primary cardholder should be between the age of 18 and 70 years
Add-on cardholder should be o<version> years
Individual should either be a Resident of India or Non-Resident Indian
These criteria are only indicative. The bank reserves the right to approve or decline applications for credit cards.
Documents for Pride Platinum Credit Card
The required documents for pride Platinum Credit Card application include a copy of your PAN card or Form 60, one residential proof, one identity proof and a colour photograph along with a proof of income in the form of latest payslip/Form 16/IT return copy.
Keep your documents ready
The following documents are required:
PAN card photocopy or Form 97
Colour photograph
Latest payslip/Form 16/IT return copy as proof of income
Residential proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Ration Card
Electricity bill
Landline telephone bill
Identity proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Driving license
PAN card
Aadhaar card
This list is only indicative. Documents required may vary on a case-to-case basis.
Quick Downloads
Pride Platinum Credit Card holder needs to abide by the terms and conditions. By signing the cardholder agreement, you agree to all the terms and conditions of the Pride Platinum Credit Card.
Terms and conditions
Please click here for the terms and conditions
Download pdf
Card member agreement
Please click here for the Card Member Agreement
Download pdf
Credit Card
Credit Card is your go-to tool for making purchases or paying for services on credit.
Viw all Credit Cards
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit card
Credit Card against Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Swipe your Credit Card into a world of convenience
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
Experience the ultimate travel luxury with Airport Lounge Access Credit Cards, offering lounge access and exclusive travel perks.
Know More
Apply Now
Rupay Credit Card
Go local, go smart with RuPay Credit Card and enjoy awesome rewards and secure, hassle-free transactions across India.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifetime Free Credit Card
Enjoy financial freedom with our Lifetime Free Credit Card - no annual fees, just exclusive discounts and offers.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle Credit Card
Unlock endless rewards and convenience with our Lifestyle Credit Card, where every swipe brings you exciting benefits.
Know More
Apply Now
View More
Related Products
Best Seller
Lifestyle
Food & Dining
Axis Bank Pride Signature Credit Card
Personalised card with shades of tricolour for defence personnel
Earn 4 EDGE REWARD Points on every ₹200 spent
15% discount at restaurants with Dining Delights
Joining Fee: Nil
Annual Fee: ₹500
Know More
Apply Now
Fee waiver
Axis Bank MY Zone Easy Credit Card
Contactless enabled secured credit card
4 EDGE REWARD
Points with every ₹200 spent
25% cashback on movies
Joining Fee: Nil
Annual Fee: Nil
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle
Travel
Fuel
Fee waiver
Food & Dining
Axis Bank ACE Credit Card
5% cashback* on Utility bill payments & recharges on Google Pay
4% cashback on Swiggy, Zomato & Ola; 1.5% cashback on other spends
4 free lounge access at select domestic airports, 1% fuel surcharge waiver
Joining Fee: ₹499
Annual Fee: ₹499
Know More
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank