LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card - Apply Online | Axis Bank
Earn accelerated rewards
Complimentary lounge access
Dining delights
Enjoy fuel surcharge waiver
LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card
Step into the world of LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Cards - Come aboard & enjoy a powerful reward program, fuel surcharge waiver and complimentary insurance cover. Earn Reward points on every spend and earn accelerated Reward
points on LIC premium payments and International Transactions. The Terms & Conditions of LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card will be updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Read More
Features & Benefits
Eligibility & Documentation
Fees & Charges
Services
Features & Benefits
Earn Plus Points on every transaction
Earn 2 Reward points for every ₹100 spent on LIC Premium payment and foreign currency transactions*
Read More
Complimentary domestic airport lounge access
Enjoy 8 complimentary lounge visits per calendar year at select domestic airports with your LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card. Click here to know more
Comprehensive Insurance Cover
Complimentary lost card liability insurance cover up to credit limit
Fuel surcharge Waiver
1% fuel surcharge waiver on fuel purchases at all fuel stations across India
Read More
Convert purchases to EMI
No matter how big your credit card purchase, go right ahead. Just contact us and convert your transaction of ₹1,500 or more into easy EMI. click here to know more.
View More
Earn Plus Points on every transaction
Earn 2 Reward points for every ₹100 spent on LIC Premium payment and foreign currency transactions*
Earn 1 Reward point for every ₹100 spent on all other transactions* except fuel, wallet load and EMI conversions.
Redeem the rewards earned against e-vouchers, gift cards and other products by calling customer care
*Please Click here for the complete catalogue and terms and conditions.
Activation Benefit
100% cashback up to ₹ 300 on first utility bill payment within first 30 days of card issuance. Click here to view the terms and conditions.
Fuel surcharge Waiver
1% fuel surcharge waiver on fuel purchases at all fuel stations across India
Valid on transaction between ₹400 to ₹4000; Maximum monthly benefit up to ₹400
GST on fuel surcharge is non refundable
No reward points on fuel purchases
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Instant savings of up to 15% on flights & hotels via Goibibo and Makemytrip
10% off on orders via Swiggy and Amazon Fresh
10% off upto ₹1000 on Tira
Click here to avail the offers
Eligibility
Documentation
Check your eligibility
Please note that these criteria are only indicative and the bank reserves the ultimate right to approve or decline applications for LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card.
Primary cardholder should be between the age of 18 and 70 years
The individual should be a Resident of India
Documents for LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card application:
Unless there are case variations, the required documents for LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card application include a copy of your PAN card or Form 97, residence proof, identity proof, a colour photograph and proof of income in the form of latest payslip / Form 16 / IT return copy. Keep your documents for LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card ready.
The following documents are required:
PAN card photocopy or Form 97
Colour photograph
Latest payslip/Form 16/IT return copy as proof of income
Residence proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Ration Card
Electricity bill
Landline telephone bill
Identity proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Driving License
PAN Card
Aadhaar card
Please note that this list is only indicative. Documents required may vary on a case-to-case basis.
Disclaimer: The credit card decision would be communicated within 21 working days
Fees & Charges - LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card
The fees and charges for LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card are applicable to all card holders. The fees include cash payment fee, joining fee and an annual fee etc.
View fees & charges
Fees & Charges
The fees and charges for LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card are applicable to all card holders. The fees include cash payment fee, joining fee and an annual fee etc.
Charges
Joining Fee Nil
Annual Fee Nil
Add-on Card Joining Fee Nil
Add-on Card Annual Fee Nil
Card Replacement Fee Nil
Cash Payment Fee ₹175/-
Duplicate Statement Fee
Waived
Charge Slip Retrieval Fee or Copy Request Fee Waived
Outstation Cheque Fee Waived
Mobile Alerts for Transactions Free
Hotlisting Charges Nil
Balance Enquiry Charges Waived
Finance Charges (Retail Purchases & Cash)
3.75% per month (55.55% per annum)
Cash Withdrawal Fees 2.5% (Min. ₹500) of the cash amount
Overdue Penalty or Late Payment Fee Nil if Total Payment Due is less than ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 to ₹5000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5001 to ₹10000
₹1200 if total payment due is between ₹10001 to ₹50000
₹1300 if total payment due is greater than ₹50000
Additional ₹100 on missing payment of Minimum Amount Due (MAD) by the due date for two consecutive cycles. This charge will continue to be applicable for every payment cycle until the MAD is cleared.
Over Limit Penalty 2.5% of over the limit amount (Min. ₹500)
Cheque return or dishonour Fee or Auto-debit Reversal Bank A/c out of Funds 2% of the payment amount subject to Min ₹500.
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of Railway Tickets As prescribed by IRCTC/Indian Railways
Fuel Transaction Surcharge 1% of transaction amount (Refunded for fuel transactions between ₹400 to ₹4,000. Maximum benefits up to ₹400 per month)
Foreign Currency Transaction Fee 3.50% of the transaction value
Reward Point Redemption fee No
GST As per existing Government norms
Rent Transaction fee (Applicable from 5th March 2023)
1% fee per transaction will be applicable on rental transactions
Dynamic Currency Conversion markup (Applicable from <date>)
1.5% will be applicable on International transaction performed in Indian currency at International location or transactions performed in Indian currency with merchants located in Indian but registered in foreign nation Websites
Education Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee per transaction will be applicable on education payments made via third party apps
Utility Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹25,000 or more on utilities per statement cycle
Wallet Load Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of INR 10,000 or more on wallet loads per statement cycle
Fuel Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of INR 50,000 or more on fuel transactions per statement cycle
Online Skill Based Gaming Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of INR 10,000 or more on online skill based gaming platforms per statement cycle
Terms and Conditions
The terms and conditions of LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card have been updated w.e.f. 20th Jun 2025. Please Click here to know more.
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit card
Credit Card against Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Add-On Credit Card
View More
Swipe your Credit Card into a world of convenience
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
Experience the ultimate travel luxury with Airport Lounge Access Credit Cards, offering lounge access and exclusive travel perks.
Know More
Apply Now
Rupay Credit Card
Go local, go smart with RuPay Credit Card and enjoy awesome rewards and secure, hassle-free transactions across India.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifetime Free Credit Card
Enjoy financial freedom with our Lifetime Free Credit Card - no annual fees, just exclusive discounts and offers.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle Credit Card
Unlock endless rewards and convenience with our Lifestyle Credit Card, where every swipe brings you exciting benefits.
Know More
Apply Now
View More
Credit Card
Apply for a Credit Card online and get instant approval, cashbacks, offers, attractive deals, free access to airline lounges, and more.
Apply for Credit Card
Related Products
Lifestyle
UPI card
Fee waiver
Shopping
Food & Dining
Entertainment
Neo Credit Card
Welcome benefit of up to ₹300* on Utility bill payment
Monthly 2 times - Flat ₹120* off on Zomato
10%* off on Blinkit and BookMyShow
Joining Fee: Nil
Annual Fee: Nil
(Lifetime Free offer not valid for existing Axis Bank Credit Card customers)
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle
Fuel
UPI card
Co-branded
Entertainment
INDIANOIL AXIS BANK Credit Card
Now seamlessly pay with UPI using your credit card
Earn up to 1,250 EDGE REWARD Points on first fuel transaction
4% value back on fuel spends at IndianOil outlets
Joining Fee: ₹500
Annual Fee: ₹500
Know More
Apply Now
Best Seller
Lifestyle
Fuel
UPI card
Fee waiver
Shopping
Food & Dining
Entertainment
Axis Bank My Zone Credit Card
Complimentary Sony LIV Premium subscription for 1 Year worth ₹1499
Flat ₹120 off* on Swiggy; twice a month
Enjoy complimentary airport lounge access* (4 times per year)
Joining Fee: ₹500
Annual Fee: ₹500
Know More
Apply Now
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank