Apply for Google Pay Flex Axis Bank Credit Card - Spend, Earn & Save Big | Axis Bank
Get Digital Card instantly
Earn stars and redeem them on Google Pay for instant cashback
Welcome Rewards worth ₹500 on Google Pay
Google Pay Flex Axis Bank Credit Card
The UPI-first credit card simplified and reimagined for India, available exclusively on the Google Pay app. Pay with your Google Pay Flex Axis Bank Credit Card everywhere just like UPI from your neighbourhood kirana store to your favourite online apps, for any purchase, big or small. With this card, Read More earn Stars - real reward points you can redeem instantly with no hassle. Simply redeem stars while making UPI payments using this card on Google Pay to get instant cashback.
The Terms & Conditions of Google Pay Flex Axis Bank Credit Card will be updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Features & Benefits
How to apply
Fees & Charges
Eligibility & Documentation
Services
Features & Benefits
Reward benefits
Earn stars on all eligible spends (including fuel) with this card. One star is equal to ₹1.
No minimum transaction amount - every rupee counts
Read More
4X and 8X rewards
Unlock 4X (earn 4 stars for every cumulative ₹500 spent) if you start at 2X and spend more than ₹15,000 in the current reward period
Read More
Welcome benefit
Earn 2 stars on eligible spends of ₹500 in the first rewards cycle
Get a ₹250 gift card and 250 stars on the Google Pay app as your welcome reward. This is subject to offers run by Google Pay.
Repay and manage bills flexibly
Choose how you repay - in full or in EMIs depending on your bill amount and eligibility as decided by Axis Bank. Manage bills, limits and more easily from the Google Pay app
Convert purchases to EMI
Convert transactions of ₹2500 or more into easy EMI
Please click here to know more about converting purchases to EMI
View More
Rewards benefit
Earn stars on all eligible spends (including fuel) with this card. One star is equal to ₹1
No minimum transaction amount - every rupee counts
Earn 1 star on every cumulative ₹500 spent
Unlock 2X (2 stars for every cumulative ₹500 spent) in present rewards cycle on spending ₹100 or more in the previous cycle
Welcome Benefit: 2 Stars per ₹500 in the first reward period
Redeem Stars while making UPI payment using this card on the Google Pay app to get instant cashback on your card
Please click here for terms and conditions.
4X and 8X rewards
Unlock 4X (earn 4 stars for every cumulative ₹500 spent) if you start at 2X and spend more than ₹15,000 in the current reward period
Unlock 8X (8 stars for every cumulative ₹500 spent) if you start at 2X and spend more than ₹30,000 in the current reward period
*Star earnings at 4X and 8X will be offered by Google Pay directly. This is a promotional campaign and is subject to change from time to time.
How to apply for Google Pay Flex Axis Bank Credit Card?
To apply for this card, please go to the 'Money' tab on your Google Pay app and look for the 'Flex by Google Pay' section
Fees & Charges
View More
Fees & Charges
DESCRIPTION CHARGES
Joining fee - Primary Card Waived
Annual fee - Primary Card Waived
Card replacement fee - Primary Card Nil
Cash payment fee ₹175/-
Duplicate statement fee Waived
Charge slip retrieval fee or copy request fee Waived
Mini statement SMS Waived
Outstation cheque fee Waived
Transaction alert SMS Free
Balance enquiry charges Waived
Finance charges (retail purchases and cash) 3.75% per month (55.54% per annum)
Late payment fees
Nil if Total Payment Due is less than ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹5,000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000
₹1200 if total payment due is greater than ₹10,000
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of railway tickets As prescribed by IRCTC/Indian Railways
Cheque return or dishonour fee or auto-debit reversal 2% of the payment amount subject to Min ₹500
Foreign currency transaction fee 3.50% of the transaction value
GST As per existing Government norms
Reward redemption fee No
Rent transaction fee 1% fee per transaction will be applicable on each rental transaction. Taxes will be applicable as notified by Government of India.
Dynamic currency conversion markup 1.5% plus taxes will be applicable on each International transaction performed in Indian currency at international location or transactions performed in Indian currency with merchants located in Indian but registered in a foreign nation.
To apply for this card, please visit Google Pay platform.
Eligibility
Documentation
Eligibility criteria for the Google Pay Flex Axis Bank Credit Card
Please note that these criteria are only indicative, and the bank reserves the right to approve or decline applications for the Google Pay Flex AXIS BANK Credit Card.
The primary cardholder should be between the age of 18 and 70 years.
The individual should be a resident of India.
Documentation for the Google Pay Flex Axis Bank Credit Card
Unless there are case variations, the required documents for this credit card application include:
PAN Card photocopy
Colour photograph
Latest payslip/bank statement/Form 16/IT return copy as proof of income
Residence proof
Driving License / Electricity Bill / Landline Telephone Bill
bill
Residence proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Driving licence
Voter ID card
Aadhaar card
Identity proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Driving licence
Voter ID card
Aadhaar card
PAN card
Please note that this list is only indicative. Documents required may vary on a case-to-case basis.
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit card
Credit Card against Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Your Google Pay Flex Axis Bank Credit Card awaits you!
Apply Now
Related Products
Best Seller
Lifestyle
Travel
Fuel
Shopping
Axis Bank REWARDS Credit Card
Milestone benefit of 1,500 EDGE REWARD Points
Bouquet of membership up to ₹1,000 every anniversary year
₹150 instant discount on Swiggy.
Joining Fee: ₹1000
Annual Fee: ₹1000
Know More
Apply Now
Co-branded
LIC Axis Bank Signature Credit Card
Earn 2X Rewards on LIC premium payments & foreign currency transactions
Earn 1X Reward on every spend except fuel, wallet & EMI
Up to 8 complimentary domestic airport lounge access per year 1% fuel surcharge waiver
Joining Fee: Nil
Annual Fee: Nil
Know More
Apply Now
Best Seller
Co-branded
Shopping
Fibe Axis Bank Credit Card
Up to 3% cashback on every transaction*
CC on UPI enabled credit card for seamless transactions
Complimentary domestic lounge access basis spends*
Joining Fee: Nil
Annual Fee: Nil
Know More
Apply Now
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank