Apply for Axis Bank Kwik Credit Card - No Joining and Annual Fees
Experience the convenience of UPI with your KWIK Rupay Credit Card
Linked to UPI | Earn rewards on every spend | No Joining/ Annual Fees
Credit Card on UPI
Instant Virtual Card
Earn EDGE reward Points
Lifetime Free Card
Axis Bank Kwik Credit Card
Enjoy the dual benefits of a credit card along with the seamless transaction experience of UPI (unified payments interface) with Axis Bank Kwik Credit Card and earn EDGE reward points every time you spend.
The Terms & Conditions of Kwik Axis Bank Credit Card will be updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Features & Benefits
Fees & Charges
More about Credit Card on UPI
Services
Features & Benefits
Credit Card on UPI
Enjoy seamless UPI transaction experience on your Axis Bank Kwik Credit Card through any UPI app.
End to End Virtual Experience
Don't wait for a physical card, receive a virtual card instantly on approval. Link with UPI and start transacting
Easy Activation
Get started by activating your card through any of the following options:
Read More
EDGE reward points
Earn 2 EDGE REWARD points on every ₹200 spent on domestic and international transactions.
Read More
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Enjoy a 1% fuel surcharge waiver on fuel purchases between ₹400 and ₹4,000, with a maximum waiver of up to ₹150 per month.
Read More
Lifetime Free Card
Zero joining and Annual Fees.
View More
Easy Activation
Get started by activating your card through any of the following options:
1. Link your Credit Card to UPI App, set UPI PIN to activate your card
2. Login into Axis Bank Mobile App or Internet Banking -> Go to Credit Card -> Unbox your Kwik Credit Card with the Activation Code mentioned in welcome letter and set card PIN or enable manage usage settings
EDGE reward points
Earn 2 EDGE REWARD points on every ₹200 spent on domestic and international transactions.
No reward points on wallet load, fuel, rental payments, cash withdrawals, insurance, repayments, jewellery, education, govt. services, EMI transactions, credit card on UPI transactions less than ₹2000
Points earned through eligible earn actions will be credited to the customer's EDGE REWARDS account by 7 working days of the following week. For detailed T&Cs refer edgerewards.axisbank.co.in/lms/terms-conditions
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Enjoy a 1% fuel surcharge waiver on fuel purchases between ₹400 and ₹4,000, with a maximum waiver of up to ₹150 per month.
*The fuel surcharge is not levied by the card issuing bank, on certain fuel transactions, the fuel surcharge may be levied as INR 10 + GST instead of 1% + GST
Fees & Charges
View fees & charges
Fees & Charges
Description Charges
Joining Fee
Nil
Annual Fee
Nil
Card Replacement fee
NA
Cash Payment fee
₹175/-
Duplicate Statement Fee
Waived
Charge slip retrieval fee or copy request fee
Waived
Outstation cheque fee
Waived
Mobile alerts for transactions
Free
Balance enquiry charges
Free
Finance Charges (Retail purchases and Cash)
3.7% per month (55.55% per annum)
Late payment fees*
Nil if total payment Due is up to ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹5000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000
₹1200 if total payment due is ₹10,001 and above
Additional INR 100 on missing payment of Minimum Amount Due (MAD) by the due date for two consecutive cycles. This charge will continue to be applicable for every payment cycle until the MAD is cleared.
Cash Withdrawal Fee
Min. ₹500 up to 2.5% of the cash withdrawal amount
Over limit penalty
2.5% of the over limit amount (Min ₹500)
Cheque return or dishonor fee or auto-debit reversal
2% of the payment amount subject to Min. ₹500
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of railway tickets
As prescribed by IRCTC/Indian Railways
Foreign currency transaction fee
3.5% of the transaction value
Reward Redemption fee
-Rewards redemption fee of ₹99 per redemption transaction will be applicable on EDGE rewards platform.
- Rewards redemption fee of ₹199 per redemption transaction will be applicable for conversion/transfer of EDGE points/miles to other miles partner loyalty programs.
Rent Transaction fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee per transaction will be applicable on rental transactions
Dynamic Currency Conversion markup (Applicable from <date>)
1.5% will be applicable on international transaction performed in Indian currency at international location or transactions performed in Indian currency with merchants located in Indian but registered in foreign nation
Wallet load transaction fee
(Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee will be applicable for cumulative spends of ₹10,000 or more for wallet loads per statement cycle
Fuel Transaction fee
(Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee will be applicable for cumulative spends of ₹50,000 or more on per statement cycle.
Education Transaction fee
(Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee per transaction will be applicable on education payments made via third party apps
Utility Transaction fee
(Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee will be applicable for cumulative spends of ₹25,000 or more on utilities per statement cycle
Online skill-based gaming fee
(Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024)
1% fee will be applicable for cumulative spends of ₹10,000 or more on online skill-based gaming platforms per statement cycle
A credit card which is
easy on your pocket
View all Credit Cards
More about Credit Card on UPI - Axis Bank Kwik Credit Card
Linking
Set UPI Pin
Scan and Pay
Bill Payment
Manage your card
To link your Axis Bank Kwik Credit Card with UPI
Follow the steps below to link your Axis Bank Kwik Credit Card to UPI app and enjoy instant virtual transactions.
Download any UPI Application (eg. PhonePe, BHIM, GPay, Paytm)
Verify your mobile number on the application and complete registration
Click on Button "Link RuPay Credit Card", post successful registration
Select Credit Card Issuer Bank
Select your Axis Bank Credit Card to be linked
Proceed to generate UPI PIN
Set UPI PIN
Select Generate PIN option > Select Axis Bank RuPay Credit Card
Enter Axis Bank Kwik Credit Card Details:
a. Please refer the Last 6 digits and expiry date on Kiwi App to proceed with PIN set
OTP will be triggered to your registered mobile number
Enter OTP and Set PIN of your choice
Transact seamlessly with Scan & Pay Feature
Please keep domestic POS transactions enabled to carry out UPI transactions
Scan Merchant QR Code or enter Merchant UPI ID
Enter Amount or pay auto-fetched amount
Select Axis Bank Kwik Credit Card
Enter UPI PIN and Confirm
Payment confirmation status will be displayed on screen
Credit Card Bill Payment
"Open any UPI App, click on "Pay to UPI Id" option and enter UPI Id as cc.91< 10 digit mobile number >< last 4 digit card number > @axisbank Example:
cc.9192498680825514@axisbank
Name of the Cardholder will be displayed for confirmation
Enter the payment amount and UPI PIN to pay
Manage your card on Axis Mobile App
Go to Credit Cards Section and click on Kwik Credit Card.
Enter activation code available in physical/digital welcome letter.
You will be routed to Card Control Settings page where you can change your card control settings.
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit card
Credit Card against Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Related Products
Co-branded
Miles and More Axis Bank Credit Card
Earn EDGE Miles: Welcome Benefit & Renewal Benefit
5 EDGE Miles on every ₹100 spent on Axis Bank Travel EDGE portal and Airline website.
Enjoy complimentary International & Domestic lounge access
Joining Fee: ₹3,500
Annual Fee: ₹3,500
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle
Co-branded
Shopping
Samsung Axis Bank Signature Credit Card
2,500 EDGE REWARD Points on completing 3 transactions within 30 days
10% Cashback on Samsung purchases all year around, across products & services
Joining Fee: ₹500
Annual Fee: ₹500
Know More
Apply Now
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
1 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank