My Zone Credit Card - Apply Online for Rewards & Shopping Offers | Axis Bank
My Zone Credit Card
The Terms & Conditions of "Axis Bank MyZone Credit Card" will be updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Features & Benefits
Fees & Charges
Eligibility & Documentation
Value Chart
Services
Features & Benefits
Buy One Get One Free on movie tickets
Enjoy 100% discount on your second movie ticket booked via District app
using your MY ZONE Credit Card
Read More
Complimentary Sony LIV Premium annual subscription
Receive a SonyLIV premium annual subscription valued at ₹1499 for free
Read More
Instant discount on Swiggy
Flat ₹120 off on food delivery at Swiggy with your My Zone Credit Card
Read More
Travel Benefits on Cleartrip
Enjoy Flat 7% discount (up to ₹2,000) on domestic and international flight bookings and flat 18% discount (up to ₹4,000) on hotel bookings. Both benefits are applicable once per use per month.
Read More
Enjoy complimentary lounge access
Benefit from one complimentary access per calendar quarter to select
airport lounges in India with your Axis Bank My Zone Credit Card.
Read More
Earn EDGE REWARDS
Earn four EDGE REWARD points for every ₹200 spent using your credit card.
Read More
Rewards on achieving milestone spends
You will be eligible to earn 1,000 EDGE REWARD Points on achieving annual
spends of ₹1.5 lakhs in your card anniversary year
Read More
Fuel up and get a waiver on surcharge
1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions in India with an Axis
Bank MY Zone Credit Card
Read More
Spend securely
Enhance your security with an EMV certified chip credit card, designed to
minimize the risk of counterfeit and
Read More
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday
Read More
Convert purchases to EMI
For any transactions exceeding ₹1,500, contact the bank to convert your
large credit card purchases into manageable EMIs.
Read More
View More
Fees & Charges
The fees and charges for My Zone Credit Card are applicable to all card holders. The My Zone Credit Card fees include cash payment fee, joining fee and an annual fee.
View More
Fees & Charges
The fees and charges for My Zone Credit Card are applicable to all card holders. The My Zone Credit Card fees include cash payment fee, joining fee and an annual fee.
Description Charges
Joining fee ₹500
Annual Fee ₹500
Add-on Card Joining Fee Nil
Add-on Card Annual Fee Nil
Card Replacement Fee Nil
Cash Payment Fee ₹175
Duplicate Statement Fee Waived
Charge Slip Retrieval Fee or Copy Request Fee Waived
Outstation Cheque Fee Waived
Mobile Alerts for Transactions Free
Hotlisting Charges Nil
Balance Enquiry Charges Waived
Finance Charges (Retail Purchases & Cash) 3.75% per month (55.55% per annum)
Cash Withdrawal Fees 2.5% (Min. ₹500) of the cash amount
Overdue Penalty or Late Payment Fee Nil if Total Payment Due is less than ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹
5,000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000
₹1200 if total payment due is
greater
than ₹10,000
An additional charge of ₹100 will be levied on missing payment of MAD by the due date for two consecutive cycles. This charge will continue to be levied for every payment cycle until the MAD is cleared
Over Limit Penalty 2.5% of the payment amount subject to minimum of ₹500
Cheque Return or Dishonour Fee or Auto-debit Reversal 2% of the payment amount subject to minimum of ₹500
Surcharge on Purchase or Cancellation of Railway Tickets As prescribed by IRCTC / Indian Railways
Fuel Transaction Surcharge Transaction 1% of transaction amount (Refunded for fuel transactions between ₹400 to ₹4,000. Maximum benefits up to
₹400 per month)
Foreign Currency Transaction Fee 3.50% of the transaction value
Reward Point Redemption fee yes
GST As per existing Government norms
Rent Transaction fee 1% of transaction amount. GST applicable as notified by Government of India
Dynamic Currency Conversion MarkUp 1.5% Of Transaction Amount Applicable On International Transactions Performed In Indian Currency At International Location Or Transactions Performed In Indian Currency With Merchants Located In India But Registered In Foreign Nation. GST applicable as notified by Government of India
Education Transaction Fee 1% on each education payments done through third party apps. GST applicable as notified by Government of India
Wallet Load Transaction Fee 1% on cumulative wallet load transactions of ₹10,000 or more in a statement cycle. GST applicable as notified by Government of India
Fuel Transaction Fee 1% on cumulative fuel transactions of ₹50,000 or more in a statement cycle. GST applicable as notified by Government of India
Utility Transaction Fee 1% on cumulative spends of ₹25,000 or more made towards utility payments in a statement cycle within a statement period. GST applicable as notified by Government of India
Online skill-based gaming Transaction Fee 1% on cumulative spends of ₹10,000 or more on online skill-based gaming platforms in a statement period. GST applicable as notified by Government of India
Eligibility
Documentation
Eigibility for MY ZONE Credit Card
Primary cardholder should be between 18 to 70 years of age
Applicant should be a Resident of India or Non-Resident Indian
These criteria are only indicative and the bank reserves the right to approve or decline applications for credit cards.
Apply Now
Documentation for MY ZONE Credit Card
PAN card photocopy or Form 97
Proof of income - Latest payslip / Form 16 / IT return copy as income proof
Residence proof - Passport / Ration Card/ Electricity bill / Landline telephone bill
*This list is only indicative. Documents required may vary on a case-to-case basis.
Apply Now
Buy One Get One Free on movie tickets
Enjoy a 100% discount on your second movie ticket at District when using your MY ZONE Credit Card.
Get up to ₹200 off per month.
Remember to apply the coupon code AXIS200 to receive this discount.
Note: No reward points are earned on movie transactions.
Complimentary Sony LIV Premium annual subscription
Receive a SonyLIV premium annual subscription valued at ₹1499 for free with your first purchase within first 30 days of issuance.
Customers eligible for promotional offers will receive their voucher code via SMS to their registered mobile number within 45 days following the issuance of the card.
Voucher codes for promotional offers will also be sent via SMS to eligible customers within 60 days after the payment of the annual fees.
Instant discount on Swiggy
Flat ₹120 off on food delivery at Swiggy with your My Zone Credit Card.
Use coupon code AXIS120 to avail the discount.
Maximum discount is capped at ₹120 per order.
Offer applicable on minimum spends of ₹500.
Customer can redeem the code upto 2 times a month per user ID on Swiggy.
This offer shall be valid on all restaurant orders where alliance offers are applicable.
Alliance offers include all third party offers including Bank/Wallet/Fintech partner offers.
Offer not applicable on Haldiram's Restaurants across India.
Enjoy complimentary lounge access
Benefit from one complimentary access per calendar quarter to select airport lounges in India with your Axis Bank My Zone Credit Card.
Benefit unlocked on spends of ₹50,000 in previous 3 months.
For more details and terms and condition for Visa lounges, please click here For more details and terms and condition for Visa lounges and for MasterCard lounges, click here.
Earn EDGE REWARDS
Earn four EDGE REWARD points for every ₹200 spent using your credit card.
For redemption options, please refer to the EDGE REWARDS Catalogue available on the official website.
No reward points will be credited for Movie, Fuel, Insurance, Wallet, Rent, Utilities, Jewellery, Education, Government Institutions and EMI transactions.
Fuel up and get a waiver on surcharge
1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions in India with an Axis Bank MY Zone Credit Card.
Get a fuel surcharge refund for transactions at all fuel stations across India when using your MY ZONE Credit Card. This offer is valid for transactions between ₹400 and ₹4,000, with a maximum benefit of up to ₹400 per
statement cycle.
GST charged on fuel surcharge is non-refundable.
Applicable on CC on UPI transactions as well.
Spend securely
Enhance your security with an EMV certified chip credit card, designed to minimize the risk of counterfeit and skimming fraud.
All credit cards come with chip and PIN protection, providing unmatched security.
Dining Delights
Enjoy exceptional dining experiences at top restaurants across India with the Axis Bank Dining Delights Program.
Click here for more details and full terms & conditions.
Wednesday Delight
Beat the mid-week blues with exciting offers every Wednesday.
Instant savings of up to 15% on flights & hotels via MakeMyTrip
10% off on orders via Swiggy
10% off up to ₹1000 on Tira
Please click here to avail the offers.
Rewards on achieving milestone spends
You will be eligible to earn 1,000 EDGE REWARD Points on achieving annual spends of ₹1.5 lakhs in your card anniversary year.
Spends will be evaluated 60 days after your card anniversary date to ensure any reversals or cancellations are excluded.
Eligible customers will be automatically credited with 1,000 EDGE REWARD Points within 90 days of achieving Milestone.
Spends on Movie, Fuel, Insurance, Utility, Rent, Wallet, Jewelry, Education, Government Institutions will be excluded from the calculation.
Convert purchases to EMI
For any transactions exceeding ₹1,500, contact the bank to convert your large credit card purchases into manageable EMIs.
To know more, click here
Travel Benefits on Cleartrip
Enjoy Flat 7% discount (up to ₹2,000) on domestic and international flight bookings and flat 18% discount (up to ₹4,000) on hotel bookings. Both benefits are applicable once per use per month.
Use code 'CTAXISMYZONE'
Please refer to the offer terms and conditions for more details.
Value Chart
The value chart for MYZONE Credit Card lists the cashback and points earned based on your transactions. You can avail benefits worth upto ₹12,999 using your MYZONE Credit Card annually.
Details Monthly Benefit (₹) Annual Benefit (₹)
Sony Liv Activation Benefit 1
1,499
Movie spends at District
200 2,400
Food ordering at Swiggy
240 2,880
Fuel Spends 3
30 360
Domestic Airport Lounge Access 4
2,000
EDGE Rewards
50 600
Total Benefits (Year1) #
- Upto 9739
Annual benefits as a percentage of spends*
6.7%
1 Applicable for first year only
2 Applicable once per card
3 Assuming fuel spends of ₹3000 monthly
4 If used twice in a year
# Calculations assuming ₹1,50,000 yearly spends on eligible MCC categories
*For illustrative purposes only
Terms & Conditions
The terms and conditions of Myzone Credit Card will be updated w.e.f. 20th June,2025. Please click here to know more.
The terms and conditions of MyZone credit card will be updated from 15th Aug, 2025 click here to know
more
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit card
Credit Card against Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Add-On Credit Card
View More
Swipe your Credit Card into a world of convenience
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
Experience the ultimate travel luxury with Airport Lounge Access Credit Cards, offering lounge access and exclusive travel perks.
Know More
Apply Now
Rupay Credit Card
Go local, go smart with RuPay Credit Card and enjoy awesome rewards and secure, hassle-free transactions across India.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifetime Free Credit Card
Enjoy financial freedom with our Lifetime Free Credit Card - no annual fees, just exclusive discounts and offers.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle Credit Card
Unlock endless rewards and convenience with our Lifestyle Credit Card, where every swipe brings you exciting benefits.
Know More
Apply Now
View More
Related Products
Lifestyle
Travel
AXIS BANK MAGNUS Credit Card
Choose a voucher worth ₹12,500
5X EDGE REWARD Points on spends via Travel EDGE
Unlimited lounge access
Joining Fee: ₹12,500
Annual Fee: ₹12,500
Know More
Apply Now
Best Seller
Lifestyle
Travel
Fuel
Shopping
Axis Bank REWARDS Credit Card
Milestone benefit of 1,500 EDGE REWARD Points
Bouquet of membership up to ₹1,000 every anniversary year
₹150 instant discount on Swiggy.
Joining Fee: ₹1000
Annual Fee: ₹1000
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle
Fuel
UPI card
Co-branded
Entertainment
INDIANOIL AXIS BANK Credit Card
Now seamlessly pay with UPI using your credit card
Earn up to 1,250 EDGE REWARD Points on first fuel transaction
4% value back on fuel spends at IndianOil outlets
Joining Fee: ₹500
Annual Fee: ₹500
Know More
Apply Now
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
720 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
600 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Your Axis My Zone Credit Card awaits you!
Apply Now
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank