Flipkart Axis Bank SuperElite Credit Card | Axis Bank
Welcome Benefits
Earn 500 SuperCoins on card activation
Earn SuperCoins on every spend
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Flipkart Axis Bank SuperElite Credit Card
Earn even as you spend! For every transaction you do on your Flipkart Axis Bank SuperElite Credit card, reward points are credited to your SuperCoins balance in the Flipkart app.
The Terms & Conditions of your Flipkart Axis Bank Credit Cards have been updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Features & Benefits
Fees & Charges
Eligibility & Documentation
Services
FAQs
Features & Benefits
Welcome benefits
500 SuperCoins on card activation.
Read More
Special features
Additional 12 SuperCoins per ₹100 spent on Flipkart by plus members.
Read More
View More
Welcome benefits
500 SuperCoins on card activation.
2 months trial membership of YouTube Premium
3 months trial subscription of Gaana Plus
1 year membership of Lenskart Gold
Extra ₹500 off on Myntra select styles* (* - valid on maximum 3 transactions on orders above ₹2,999).
15% off on domestic flight booking via Flipkart Flights* (* - maximum discount of up to ₹1,500).
Flat 30% off on the first medicine order from Flipkart Health.
For terms & conditions,
click here
Special features
Additional 12 SuperCoins per ₹100 spent on Flipkart by plus members
Additional 6 SuperCoins per ₹100 spent on Flipkart by non-plus members
2 Supercoins per ₹100 on all other spendings.
Fees & Charges
View More
Fees & Charges
The fees and charges for Flipkart Axis Bank SuperElite Credit Card are listed in the table below:
Description Charges
Joining fee ₹500
Annual fee 2nd year Onwards: ₹ 500
Annual fee waived off on annual spends greater than ₹2,00,000.
Rent transactions ( MCC 6513 ) and wallet load transactions ( MCC 6540 ) will not be eligible for spends counted in availing annual fee waiver
Add-on card joining fee Nil
Add-on card annual Fee Nil
Card replacement fee (w.e.f 10/10/20) ₹100
Cash payment fee ₹175
Duplicate statement fee Waived
Charge slip retrieval fee or copy request fee Waived
Outstation cheque fee Waived
Mobile alerts for transactions Free
Hotlisting charges Nil
Balance enquiry charges Waived
Finance charges (Retail purchases & cash) 3.75% per month (55.55% per annum)
Cash withdrawal fees 2.5% (Min. ₹500) of the cash amount
Overdue penalty or late payment fee Nil if Total Payment Due is less than ₹500
₹500 if total payment due is between ₹501 - ₹5,000
₹750 if total payment due is between ₹5,001 - ₹10,000
₹1200 if total payment due is greater than ₹ 10,000
Additional ₹100 on missing payment of Minimum Amount Due (MAD) by the due date for two consecutive cycles. This charge will continue to be applicable for every payment cycle until the MAD is cleared.
Over limit penalty 2.5% of over the limit amount (Min. ₹500).
Cheque return or dishonor fee or auto-debit reversal 2% of the payment amount subject to (Min. ₹500)
Surcharge on purchase or cancellation of railway tickets As prescribed by IRCTC/Indian Railways
Foreign currency transaction fee 3.5% of the transaction value
Rent Transaction fee (Applicable from 5th March 2023) 1% fee per transaction will be applicable on rental transactions
Dynamic Currency Conversion markup (Applicable from <date>) 1.5% will be applicable on International transaction performed in Indian currency at International location or transactions performed in Indian currency with merchants located in Indian but registered in foreign nation
Education Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024) 1% fee per transaction will be applicable on education payments made via third party apps
Utility Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024) 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹25,000 or more on utilities per statement cycle
Wallet Load Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024) 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹10,000 or more on wallet loads per statement cycle
Fuel Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024) 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹50,000 or more on fuel transactions per statement cycle
Online Skill Based Gaming Transaction Fee (Applicable from 20th Dec, 2024) 1% fee will be applicable on cumulative spends of ₹10,000 or more on online skill based gaming platforms per statement cycle
For all above fees and charges, taxes as per Government norms shall be applicable
Eligibility
Documentation
Eligibility for Flipkart Axis Bank SuperElite Credit Card
Primary cardholder should be between the age of 18 and 70 years
The individual should either be a resident of India or a non-resident Indian (NRI)
Note that these criteria are only indicative and Axis Bank reserves the ultimate right to approve or decline applications for Flipkart Axis Bank SuperElite Credit Card.
Documentation for Flipkart Axis Bank Credit Card application
Unless there are case variations, the required documents for Flipkart Axis Bank Credit Card application include a copy of your PAN card or Form 60, residence proof, identity proof, a colour photograph and proof of income in the form of latest payslip / Form 16 / IT return copy.
Keep your documents for Flipkart Axis Bank Credit Card ready
The following documents are required:
PAN card photocopy or Form 60
Colour photograph
Latest payslip/Form 16/IT return copy as proof of income
Residence proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Ration Card
Electricity bill
Landline telephone bill
Identity proof (any one of the following):
Passport
Driving license
PAN card
Aadhaar card
Please note that this list is only indicative. Documents required may vary on a case-to-case basis.
Disclaimer: The credit card decision would be communicated within 21 working days
Best Seller
Co-branded
Shopping
Kwik Axis Bank Credit Card
Credit Card on UPI
Earn 2 EDGE REWARD Points per ₹200 spent
1% fuel surcharge waiver
Joining Fee: Nil
Annual Fee: Nil
Know More
Lifestyle
Food & Dining
Axis Bank Select Credit Card
Get 10,000 EDGE REWARD Points worth ₹2,000 on the activation of the card within 30 days of issuance (not applicable for free cards)
Get ₹500 off on a minimum transaction of ₹2,500 on Big Basket app/website, through Select credit card, valid once a month
Get ₹200 off on a minimum transaction of ₹1000 on Swiggy, valid twice a month
Joining Fee: ₹3000
Annual Fee: ₹3000
(NIL for Burgundy Customers)
Know More
Apply Now
Best Seller
Lifestyle
Shopping
Axis Bank AURA Credit Card
Get welcome decathlon OMNI Gift Card worth ₹750
Earn 2 points per spend of ₹200 and 5x reward points on Insurance
Get 48 online video doctor consultations free per year, Get 48 interactive fitness video training sessions free per year, Get discount upto ₹500 on health checkup
Joining Fee: ₹749
Annual Fee: ₹749
Know More
Need information on Credit Card services?
A diverse
range of services, including rewards, travel perks, fraud protection & more that add value to your
transactions.
Credit Limit Increase
Instant loan on credit
card
Credit Card against
Fixed Deposit
Grab Deals
Convert Purchases
Into EMIs
Credit Card
Control Center
Add-On Credit Card
View More
A credit card which is
easy on your pocket
Explore More
Frequently Asked Questions
1. What is SuperCoin?
SuperCoins is the first of its kind rewards system as part of the Flipkart Plus program that can be used to redeem exciting rewards.
To know more about the Flipkart Plus program click here .
For more information on SuperCoins click here .
To view, SuperCoins earn history, and/or redeem SuperCoins, click here .
2. What is a Flipkart Axis Bank Super Elite credit card?
Flipkart Axis Bank Super Elite credit card is a credit card issued by Axis Bank in association with Flipkart Internet Pvt Ltd.. This card can be used for all your purchases, both on and off Flipkart, and earn SuperCoins against every transaction which will get credited to your SuperCoin balance on Flipkart App.
3. How do I earn SuperCoins?
Plus customers: 12 SuperCoins for every ₹100 spent on Flipkart capped at 300 coins per transaction (in addition to the 4 SuperCoins currently issued by Flipkart, which are capped at 100 per transaction) - Total 16 Supercoins for ₹2500
Non-Plus customers: 6 SuperCoins for every 100 Rs spent on Flipkart capped at 150 coins per transaction (in addition to the 2 SuperCoins currently issued by Flipkart which are capped at 100 per transaction) - Total 8 Supercoins for ₹2500
Earning outside Flipkart:
2 SuperCoins for every ₹100 spent on all eligible spends (uncapped)
Load More
Disclaimer
Cancel Accept
At your request, you are being redirected to a third party site. Please read and agree with the disclaimer before proceeding further.
This is to inform you that by clicking on the "Accept" button, you will be accessing a website operated by a third party namely Flipkart Plus. Such links are provided only for the convenience of the client and Axis Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. The use of such websites would be subject to the terms and conditions of usage as stipulated in such websites and would take precedence over the terms and conditions of usage of www.axis.bank.in in case of conflict between them. Any actions taken or obligations created voluntarily by the person(s) accessing such web sites shall be directly between such person and the owner of such websites and Axis Bank shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Thank you for visiting www.axis.bank.in
Disclaimer
Cancel Accept
At your request, you are being redirected to a third party site. Please read and agree with the disclaimer before proceeding further.
This is to inform you that by clicking on the "Accept" button, you will be accessing a website operated by a third party namely Flipkart. Such links are provided only for the convenience of the client and Axis Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. The use of such websites would be subject to the terms and conditions of usage as stipulated in such websites and would take precedence over the terms and conditions of usage of www.axis.bank.in in case of conflict between them. Any actions taken or obligations created voluntarily by the person(s) accessing such web sites shall be directly between such person and the owner of such websites and Axis Bank shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Thank you for visiting www.axis.bank.in
Disclaimer
Cancel Accept
At your request, you are being redirected to a third party site. Please read and agree with the disclaimer before proceeding further.
This is to inform you that by clicking on the "Accept" button, you will be accessing a website operated by a third party namely Flipkart. Such links are provided only for the convenience of the client and Axis Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. The use of such websites would be subject to the terms and conditions of usage as stipulated in such websites and would take precedence over the terms and conditions of usage of www.axis.bank.in in case of conflict between them. Any actions taken or obligations created voluntarily by the person(s) accessing such web sites shall be directly between such person and the owner of such websites and Axis Bank shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Thank you for visiting www.axis.bank.in
Swipe your Credit Card into a world of convenience
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
Experience the ultimate travel luxury with Airport Lounge Access Credit Cards, offering lounge access and exclusive travel perks.
Know More
Apply Now
Rupay Credit Card
Go local, go smart with RuPay Credit Card and enjoy awesome rewards and secure, hassle-free transactions across India.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifetime Free Credit Card
Enjoy financial freedom with our Lifetime Free Credit Card - no annual fees, just exclusive discounts and offers.
Know More
Apply Now
Lifestyle Credit Card
Unlock endless rewards and convenience with our Lifestyle Credit Card, where every swipe brings you exciting benefits.
Know More
Apply Now
View More
Related Products
Learning Hub
Look through our knowledge section for helpful blogs and articles.
Jun 15, 2026
3 min read
720 Views
How to maximise your car savings with a fuel rewards credit card?
Jun 17, 2026
3 min read
600 Views
Here’s how to use a credit card for booking international tickets?
Jun 9, 2026
4 min read
Visa vs Mastercard: Difference between Visa and Mastercard explained
Jun 8, 2026
3 min read
Difference between RuPay and Visa card (RuPay and Visa explained)
View more
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank