Apply for Reserve Credit Card Online | Axis Bank
Reserve Credit Card
L u x u r y
S t a n d s
T a l l
Welcome to Reserve
A credit card that is enriched with a suite of best-in-class privileges and unbridled indulgences.
Designed to make every journey special, this card will delight you every step of the way. Because when it comes to you, luxury always leads the way.
E x p e r i e n c e s
Experience the finer side of travel
Complimentary
airport concierge services
W.e.f 20th April 2024, Complimentary Luxury Airport Transfers has been discontinued.
Limitless comfort
Complimentary
Priority Pass membership with unlimited visits
Unlimited domestic
lounge visits
Elevated levels of service and comfort, reserved exclusively for you
Club ITC Culinaire
membership
Accorplus
membership
Handcrafted Club
Marriott Asia Pacific membership
W.e.f 1st October 2025, offers on Oberoi hotels and resorts have been discontinued.
15% savings at
Postcard Hotel
Tee off in style
Complimentary golf rounds
Indulge in the extra-ordinary
Complimentary EazyDiner Prime membership
Complimentary tickets on BookMyShow
Handpicked experiences at extraordinaryweekends.com
Beyond expectations, always
Rewards Program
Financial
benefits
Insurance
benefits
Reach out to our concierge desk at
1800 103 4962
For any card related queries, complaints and feedback, call us on
1800 419 0065
or write to us at: http://www.axisbank.com/support
For most important terms and conditions, click here
For Card Member Agreement, click here
Important: Activate your new Credit Card within first 30 days. Failure to do so will result in card closure as per RBI guidelines
For important information with regards to Reserve credit cards issued before 10th July, 2020:
The above mentioned benefits will also be applicable to cards issued before 10th July 2020...
The following benefits will be discontinued w.e.f. 31st Aug 2020:
Luxury dining experience upon card issuance
Annual benefit of Tata CliQ voucher worth Rs.10,000
Annual benefit of Club Vistara Gold membership
50% cashback on movies
Golf benefits will be revised down to 50 rounds in a year
To get your metal card, Eazydiner membership and a new Priority card with 5 year validity...
The Terms and Conditions of Axis Bank Reserve Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 1st September'23. Please click here to know more.
The Terms and Conditions of Axis Bank Reserve Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 20th April'24. Please click click here to know more.
Complimentary Swiggy One Membership on Axis Bank Reserve Credit Card. Please click here to know more.
The Terms and Conditions of Axis Bank Reserve Credit Card have been updated w.e.f. 20th June, 2025. Please click here to know more.
The Terms & Conditions of Axis Bank Reserve Credit Card have been updated w.e.f 28th August'26. Please click here to know more.
Visa Offers
Dining Delights
Extraordinary Weekends
Give a missed call on
or
Request a call back
Scroll To Top
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright@ 2026 Axis Bank