Regalia First Credit Card - Apply for Luxury Credit Card | HDFC Bank
Skip To Main Content
Regalia First Credit Card
New applications for the Regalia First Credit Card are currently unavailable. Existing cardholders will continue to enjoy its features and benefits.
Click here to view the changes in HDFC Bank Regalia First Credit Card effective 15th May 2026.
What’s In Store For You
Card Benefits & Features
Card Management & Controls
Frequently Asked Questions
Card Benefits and Features
CashBack Benefits
Earn 3 Reward points per 200 spent
7,500 Bonus RP on ₹6 lakh spends & 5,000 Bonus RP on ₹9 lakh spends per anniversary year
Redeem RP for statement credit, travel, gifts or AirMiles
View More
Lifestyle Benefits
Dining Benefits up to 20% savings via Swiggy Dineout (20,000+ restaurants).
Utility Bill Payments via SmartPay with CashBack & vouchers.
Renewal Fee Waiver on annual spends above ₹1 lakh
View More
Banking Benefits
50 days interest-free credit period
5% CashBack on electricity, telecom, tax payments (₹500 max, first year only)
Pre-approved loans & cash withdrawal facility
Hassle-free tax payments via credit card
View More
Insurance Benefits
Accidental air death cover worth Rs. 1 Crore (USD 125,000)
Emergency overseas hospitalization: up to Rs. 15 lakhs (USD 18,750)
Lost Card Liability Cover : Upto Rs 9 lakhs
Click here to update your nominee details.
Click here for claim procedure and policy details.
View More
Know More About the Card
MyCards
Card Benefits
Lifestyle Benefits
Usage Perks
Rewards Programme
Travel Benefits
Fees & Charges
Most Important Terms and Conditions
MyCards
MyCards , a mobile-based service platform for all Credit Card needs, facilitates convenient activation and management of your Regalia Gold Credit Card on the go. It ensures a seamless experience without the need for passwords or downloads.
Credit Card Registration and Activation
Set up your Card PIN
Manage Card Controls like Online Spends, Contactless Transactions
View Transactions / Download e-Statements
Check Reward Points
Block/ Re-Issue Your Card
Apply for an Add-on Card, Manage, Set PIN and Card Controls for Add-on card
Single Interface
One unified platform for Credit Cards, Debit Cards, FASTag and Consumer Durable Loans
Spends tracking
Simple interface to track all your spends
Reward Points
View and redeem points at the push of a button
Card Benefits
Earn 4 Reward Points on every ₹150 spent.
Effective September 1st, 2024, Earn 3 Reward Points on every ₹150 spent on all retail spends excluding wallet, EMI and petrol.
Bonus 7,500 Reward Points on ₹ 6 lakh spends and additional 5,000 Reward Points on ₹ 9 lakh spends in an anniversary year.
Redeem your reward points against statement.
Lifestyle Benefits
Fuel surcharge wai<version>% fuel surcharge waiver at all fuel stations across India
(on minimum transaction of ₹400 and maximum transaction of ₹5000. Max CashBack of ₹500 per statement cycle). Click here for more details.
Exclusive dining privileges: Enjoy amazing dining benefits with Good Food Trail program
Get up to 20 % savings off on all your restaurant bill payments via Swiggy Dineout (20,000+ restaurants),
Offer inclusive of Restaurant and Swiggy Discount. Offer valid only on payments done Swiggy App.
Click here for more details
Refer T&C
Usage Perks
Utility Bill Payments: Register your Credit Card with SmartPay, HDFC Bank's Utility Bill payment service. You can then ensure that all your utility bills are paid on time, conveniently and easily. Get assured CashBack up to ₹ 1800 in the first year and exciting e-vouchers worth up to ₹800 for adding 2 or more bills on Smart Pay. For more details click here
Zero Lost card liability: In the unfortunate event if you lose your HDFC Bank Business Regalia credit card, report it immediately to our 24-hour call centre. After reporting the loss, you have zero liability on any fraudulent transactions made on your card.
Revolving Credit: Enjoy Revolving Credit on your Credit Card at nominal interest rate, refer Fees and Charges section.
Foreign Currency Markup: Lowest foreign currency mark up of 2% on all your foreign currency spends.
Renewal offer: Renewal fee waived off if you spend more than 1 lakh in the previous year.
Rewards Programme
Splurge to your heart’s content with the best-in-class rewards programme on your Business Regalia First Credit Card. Terms and conditions
4 Reward points for every ₹ 150 spent
The maximum 25,000 Reward Points can be earned in a statement cycle for your Business Regalia First Credit Card.
Accumulate and redeem Reward Points for:
Travel and entertainment bookings on Smartbuy
For flight and hotel bookings, Business Regalia Credit Card members can redeem up to maximum of 70% of booking value through Reward Points. Rest will have to be paid via Credit Card. This is effective 25.11.2019.
Exciting gifts from an exclusive rewards catalogue
Alternately, you can convert Reward Points into AirMiles of leading domestic and international airlines.
With effect from 1st January 2023:
Rent payment and Education related transactions will not earn reward points.
Reward points earned on Grocery transactions will be capped to 2,000 per month.
Redemption of Travel Reward Points will be capped at 50,000 points per month.
Travel Benefits
Unleash the power of your Reward Points like never before on www.hdfcbankregalia.com , an exclusive portal for Business Regalia First credit cardholders.
You can choose to redeem your Reward Points instantly against:
Airline ticket booking
Hotel booking
Airport lounge access & comprehensive protection
Airport Lounge Access & Comprehensive Protection Benefit offers discontinued*.
Know more .
Fees & Charges
Joining/Renewal Membership Fee: ₹ 1,000/- plus Applicable Taxes
Spend ₹1,00,000 or more in a year, before your Credit Card renewal date and get your renewal fee waived off.
Please Click here to view details of Business Regalia First Credit Card Fees and Charges applicable.
Important information: Your Card Member Agreement, Most Important Terms & Conditions and Other Important documents pertaining to your credit card can be accessed digitally. Click here.
Most Important Terms and Conditions
*The Most Important Terms and Conditions for each of our banking offerings features all the specific terms and conditions that govern their use. You must go through it thoroughly to fully understand the terms and conditions applicable to any banking product you choose.
Know More About the Card
Credit Card Management & Controls
Card Control and Redemption
Comprehensive Protection
CashBack with SmartPay:
Fees and Renewal
Most Important Terms and Conditions
Credit Card Management & Controls
Netbanking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card through NetBanking, follow these steps:
1. Log in to HDFC Bank NetBanking using your Customer ID.
2. Go to the Cards Tab >Select the card > Click Manage card>Manage Domestic and International Limits.
3. You will be able to view your existing daily domestic and international usage limits.
4. Enable or disable Online, Contactless, and International usage based on your preference.
5. Click ‘Update’, enter the OTP received on your registered mobile number, and then click ‘Continue’.
6. Your selected card controls will be updated instantly.
Mobile Banking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card conveniently through our HDFC Bank MobileBanking App, follow these steps:
1. Open the HDFC Bank MobileBanking App and log in using your credentials.
2. Go to the ‘Cards’ section from the menu.
3. Select the HDFC Bank Credit Card for which you want to enable card controls.
4. Click ‘Manage Limits’, then enable/disable transaction types such as Online Transactions, Contactless Payments, and International Usage, or set transaction limits according to your preference.
5. Click ‘Update’ to confirm your changes and enter your MPIN. The updated card control settings will be applied instantly.
For more detailed management, you can also use our MyCards platform at https://mycards.hdfc.bank.in/ which offers a seamless experience without the need for passwords or downloads.
MyCards
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card via MyCards, follow these steps:
1. Visit the MyCards portal- https://mycards.hdfc.bank.in/ on your desktop or mobile.
2. Log in using your registered mobile number and the OTP received.
3. For first-time users, enter the last four digits of your card.
4. On the card homepage, click the ‘Card Control’ tab.
5. Enable/disable features such as Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, International Usage, and set usage limits as per your preference.
6. Confirm your settings, and the changes will be applied instantly.
PayZapp
You can conveniently enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card through PayZapp by following these steps:
1. Open the PayZapp app and log in using your credentials.
2. On the homepage, tap the ‘MyCards’ tab> Select ‘Go to MyCards’.
3. Log in using your registered mobile number and the OTP sent to your mobile.
4. If you are a first-time user, enter the last four digits of your HDFC Bank Credit Card.
5. On the card homepage, tap the ‘Card Control’ tab.
6. Enable or disable features such as Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, and International Usage, or set usage limits according to your preference.
7. Confirm your settings. The updated card control settings will be applied instantly.
WhatsApp Banking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card using WhatsApp Banking, follow the steps given below:
1. Add HDFC Bank’s official WhatsApp number – 7070022222 – to your contacts.
2. Send the text "Credit Card" to this number.
3. You will receive a reply with options. Choose the option “Manage My Card”
4. You will receive a reply with options to select “Domestic / International/ Enhance limits”
5. Choose the option you want to enable, such as Domestic Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, or International Transactions.
6. Enter the transaction limit you want to set. An OTP will be sent to your registered mobile number. Enter the OTP to confirm the change.
7. Enter the last 4 digits of your Credit Card number.
8. The current status of the selected transaction type will be shown as Enabled.
IVR
To enable or modify your HDFC Bank Credit Card controls and transaction limits, you can contact HDFC Bank's toll-free numbers:
Toll-free numbers : 1800 1600 or 1800 2600 (available from 8 am to 8 pm)
For overseas travel assistance : 022-61606160
By contacting our toll-free numbers, you can enable/modify limits for Domestic, International, Online, Contactless, ATM, and POS transactions on your Debit or Credit Card.
Card Control and Redemption
Redeem Reward Points on SmartBuy via the exclusive Rewards Catalogue for flights and hotels.
Convert Reward Points into AirMiles and rupees in the following manner:
Redemption Option
Value of 1 Reward Point (RP)
Platform
Flights and hotel bookings
₹0.30
SmartBuy
Airmiles conversion
0.3 Airmiles
Netbanking
Products and
vouchers
Up to ₹0.25
Netbanking or SmartBuy
Cashback
₹0.10
Applicable Platform
Get 5,000 Reward Points on spending ₹3 lakh+ annually during each card anniversary.*
Earn 2,500 extra Reward Points on spending ₹6 lakh+ annually during each anniversary.*
A maximum of 25,000 reward points can be earned in a calendar month.
Use points on SmartBuy to redeem up to 70% of booking value on flights, hotels, and more.
Pay the remaining balance of around 30% with your credit card.
Comprehensive Protection
Accidental air death cover worth ₹50 lakh
Emergency overseas hospitalization up to ₹10 lakh in case of emergencies
Lost card liability cover of up to ₹5 lakh
Click Here to update your nominee details.
Click here to view the policy.
CashBack with SmartPay:
SmartPay is an auto-payment feature on your Credit Card for paying utility bills.
Up to ₹1,800 Cashback in the first year.
e-Vouchers worth ₹800 for adding 2 plus bills on SmartPay.
Fees and Renewal
Joining Membership Fee: ₹1,000 plus Applicable Taxes
Membership Renewal Fee 2 nd year onwards: ₹1,000 plus Applicable Taxes per year
o Waive renewal fees of ₹1,000 on annual spends of minimum ₹1 lakh on your
Click here to view details of Business Regalia First Credit Card Fees and Charges
Terms and Conditions
*The Most Important Terms and Conditions for each of our banking offerings features all the specific terms and conditions that govern their use. You must go through it thoroughly to fully understand the terms and conditions applicable to any banking product you choose.
Types of Credit Card
Credit Card
Travel Credit Card
Rewards Credit Card
Lifestyle Credit Card
Premium & Super
Premium Credit Card
Credit Card Services
Credit Card Netbanking
Credit Card Limit
Enhancement
Credit Card Upgrade
Track Your Credit Card
Other Credit Card Services
Credit Card Important Links
MyCards
Redeem Reward Points
Credit Card Bill Payment
Loan On Credit Card
Credit Card EMI Calculator
Related Articles
Benefits of Credit Card
Difference Between
Credit Card & Debit Card
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
How to make UPI Payments with Credit Card
How To Use Credit Card Wisely
Frequently Asked Questions
What is the Regalia First Credit Card
The Regalia First Credit Card is a Credit Card from HDFC Bank, that boasts an array of exceptional features and benefits ranging from CashBack and Reward Points to dining experiences and comprehensive insurance protection, among other things.
What is the maximum limit of the Regalia First Card?
You need to check the documents you received with the Regalia First Credit Card to understand the individual limits. You can also learn about interest rates on purchases and free credit periods from the same document. However, the maximum limit of the card often depends on your credit score, credit history, your account history with the bank, and other related factors.
Does the HDFC Bank Regalia First Credit Card have lounge access?
HDFC Bank Regalia First Credit Card used to offer complimentary airport lounges access as a part of its travel benefits. However, from December 1, 2023, the lounge benefit has been discontinued.
How do you get the Regalia First Credit Card free for a lifetime?
This depends on the HDFC Bank and its policies regarding such offers. However, if you spend ₹1 lakh in a year, you can get your renewal fees of the Regalia First Card waived.
How to apply for the Regalia First Credit Card?
Currently, new applications for the Regalia First Credit Card are not being accepted. However, you can explore a range of other Credit Cards that may suit your needs. Click here to view our available options and find the right card for you.