Airport Lounge Access Program
A. Infinia Credit Card - Lounge Access Program within India
For Lounge visits within India, Infinia Primary and Add on Cardholders can avail unlimited
complimentary lounge access through Infinia Credit Card Lounge Access Program.
Please swipe your Infinia Credit card to avail the complimentary lounge access.
A transaction fee of Rs. 2 will be charged towards complimentary lounge access per visit for
Visa cardholders
Please click here for the List of Lounges for complimentary access.
B. Priority Pass membership - Lounge Access Program within & outside India
Primary card and add-on Card holders may utilize the refreshment and business centre
facilities at Priority Pass lounge. Visit www.prioritypass.com for list of lounges
The access and usage at all Priority Pass lounges outside India is complimentary only for
Primary and Add on Priority Pass holders on their individual cards.
Presentation of the Priority Pass card at the participating airport lounge is mandatory to
avail access.
Please note: Add-on cardholders can avail complimentary lounge access with their own
Priority Pass only. Otherwise, they will be treated as a guest of the primary cardholder and
respective Lounge’s charges will be charged.
Any guest visit using Priority pass will be charged at USD 27 + GST per visit per guest
Other Terms & Conditions:
When presenting the Priority Pass card on entering the lounge, lounge staff will either
electronically scan or take an imprint of the card and issue a 'Record of Visit' voucher or
receipt to the cardholder or make a log entry. The cardholder must sign the 'Record of Visit'
voucher or receipt, or sign the electronic reader (as applicable), which will also reflect the
exact number of accompanying guests, if any, but does not show any per person per visit
charge. The charge per visit for the cardholder, where relevant, and that for any guests will
be based on the 'Record of Visit' voucher/receipt/log submitted by the lounge operator.
The lounge staff, will where appropriate, make a voucher imprint/log entry of the Priority
Pass card, and the cardholder is responsible for ensuring the 'Record of Visit' voucher/
receipt/log correctly reflects their own usage and that of any guests at the time of using the
lounge.
Where applicable, the cardholder is responsible for retaining the 'Cardholder's' copy of the
'Record of Visit' voucher or receipt presented to them at the lounge. Any lounge related
charges (including, and not limited to, guest access or validation transactions) would be
posted on customer's subsequent statement within 90 days of date of visit. Cardholder
must notify the Bank of any discrepancies relating to lounge access usage within 60 days
from the date of posting of any charges, after which the Bank may not be able to review
such requests due to record availability limitations. Priority Pass always reserves the right
to make any changes to these Terms & Conditions subject to giving cardholders reasonable
notice as appropriate in the circumstances.