Infinia Golf Program (Details & TnC)
Golf Program Infinia
Get unlimited complimentary golf lessons & games with HDFC Infinia card
Get 24-hour access to Golf Concierge Assistance services for booking/cancellation, call us
on the Toll free no.: 1800 118 887 (India) or on Landline – 022 42320226. Customers
travelling overseas can call at Landline: 022-6171 7606
Calls made from outside India will not be toll-free. International calling charges will apply.
Terms and Conditions apply
Green fee waiver - Partner Courses
HDFC INFINIA customers get a 100% green fee waiver on golf courses worldwide on
weekdays and weekends.
The golf course will recognize you by your name, as mentioned during reservation.
We request you to carry your HDFC Bank INFINIA Credit Card and any valid Government
issued identification proof.
Certain golf courses may require a handicap certificate; the same will be intimated to you at
the time of booking/confirmation. It is mandatory to carry a valid handicap certificate for all
international bookings; the same will need to be mailed to the golf concierge at the time of
placing the booking.
Terms and Conditions apply
Golf Courses - List
To check the list of Eligible Golf Courses under Infinia Golf Program, Click here.
A. Frequently Asked Questions
1.How many days/hours in advance do I need to book for a green fee slot?
Domestic courses:
You need to book 4 clear days in advance for Weekday/Weekend/Holiday Bookings for a golf
game. 4 days will not include the day of placing the request, and the day of the game. For eg:
Date of Play/Lesson Last Day to Book
Sunday Tuesday
Saturday Monday
Friday Sunday
Thursday Saturday
Wednesday Friday
Tuesday Thursday
Monday Wednesday
Infinia Golf Program (Details & TnC)
International courses:
You need to book 15 clear days in advance for weekday/Weekend/Holiday Bookings for a Golf
Game. 15 days will not include the day of placing the request, and the day of the game. For eg:
Date of Play Last Day to Book
Sunday (20th) Friday (4th)
Saturday (19th) Thursday (3rd)
Friday (18th) Wednesday (2nd)
Thursday (17th) Tuesday (1st)
2.How many days/hours in advance should I cancel a booking?
Domestic Bookings:
Cancellation must be made at least ONE clear day in advance prior to tee-off date to avoid
application of Cancellation charges. Should there be a “no-show” or the confirmed booking be
cancelled less than ONE clear day before the tee-off time, the Cardholder will be charged a
cancellation fee of INR 500 per person. For eg:
Date of Play/Lesson Last Day to Cancel
Sunday Friday
Saturday Thursday
Friday Wednesday
Thursday Tuesday
Wednesday Monday
Tuesday Sunday
Monday Saturday
International Bookings:
Cancellation must be made at least FOUR clear days in advance prior to tee-off date to avoid
application of Cancellation charges. Should there be a “no-show” or the confirmed booking be
cancelled less than four clear days before the tee-off time, the Cardholder will be charged a
cancellation fee of INR 500 per person. For eg:
Date of Play/Lesson Last Day to Cancel
Sunday Tuesday
Saturday Monday
Friday Sunday
Thursday Saturday
Wednesday Friday
Tuesday Thursday
Monday Wednesday
Infinia Golf Program (Details & TnC)
3.How can I know if my booking has been confirmed?
You will normally be contacted within 2-3 working days, as per the preferred mode of contact
selected by you. At times, due to closure of golf courses on certain dates or for reasons beyond
control, it may take longer than 2-3 days to respond to you.
4.Whom should I contact in case I face any difficulty in gaining entry at the golf course?
Please ensure that your booking details are confirmed and shared with the golf course before
your expected time of arrival. In case of any difficulty in gaining entry at the golf course you can
call us on the Golf Concierge at 1800 118 887 (India) or on Landline - 022 42320226.
Customers travelling overseas can call at Landline: 022-6171 7606. You will be assisted
accordingly.
5.What do I need to carry at the golf course to gain entry?
The golf course will recognize you by your name, as mentioned during reservation.
We request you to carry your HDFC Bank INFINIA Credit Card used for booking and any
valid Government issued identification proof.
To avail the Golf Game/Lesson, Cardholders will be required to carry out a Rs 5
authentication transaction at the Golf Course from their Credit Card used to book the slot.
Access will be granted only upon successful verification.
Please note, entry may not be permitted without a valid booking and a same-day card
authentication at the Golf Course.
Certain golf courses may require a handicap certificate; the same will be intimated to you at
the time of booking/confirmation. It is mandatory to carry a valid handicap certificate for all
international bookings; the same will need to be mailed to the golf concierge at the time of
placing the booking.
6.Is there any minimum and maximum no. of players per flight?
Yes. As per the rules of golf and universal golf etiquette, there must be a minimum of 2 (two)
players per flight on weekdays and a minimum of 3 (three) players per flight on weekends and
holidays. The maximum number of players per flight is 4 (four), on any day.
7.Do golf courses have dress codes?
Most golf courses have universally acceptable golfing dress codes. In general, a collared shirt
and trousers is fine. Golf courses do not allow denim trousers. Golf Shorts of appropriate knee
length are allowed. At some golf courses, it is required to keep your shirt tucked in. Also please
ensure you wear a proper set of golf shoes with soft spikes for all golfing sessions.
8.Can I contact golf course directly with my HDFC Bank INFINIA Credit Card & get a
booking?
No. Under this program you are not allowed to contact golf clubs/golf courses directly. Please
ensure that you call the Golf Concierge on the Toll free no.: 1800 118 887 (India) or on
Landline - 022 42320226. Customers travelling overseas can call at Landline: 022-6171 7606
Infinia Golf Program (Details & TnC)
9.Can I walk into any of the clubs part of the program and use the services?
No. All HDFC Bank INFINIA Credit Cardholders must make a booking, as per the required
procedure, via the Golf Concierge, before going to the club. If the procedure is not followed,
you may be asked to leave the club/golf premises and will not be entertained.
10.Can I take guests with me? If yes, how do I pay for them?
Yes. You may take guests along as per the guest policy. You will need to pay an applicable
walk-in rate for your guest that will be charged to your HDFC Bank INFINIA Credit Card.
11.What about golf equipment and F&B expenses?
All other costs and charges such as F&B expenses, consumables, rental of golf equipment,
golf-cart (buggy) charges, caddy fees and more, are to be borne by the cardholder(s) and
his/her guest(s). Cardholders and guests have to pay directly at the club for buggy, caddie, turf
mate and insurance at normal published rates at the club, where applicable.
12.Can a non-golfing member of my family accompany me for my game?
No, golf clubs generally do not permit non-golfers to be present in any golfing areas.
13.Can I avail the other facilities at the golf club?
This offer is limited to golfing access only and you cannot access the other facilities at the golf
club.
B. Terms & Conditions
1. Under the HDFC Bank INFINIA Golf Program, eligible primary HDFC Bank INFINIA Primary
Credit Cardholders (“Cardholders”/“CH”) may enjoy access to select golf clubs in India as
Green Fee players on weekdays and weekends. Add-on Cardholders are treated as
guests. The Green Fees will be available to the eligible Cardholder on a complimentary
basis as the same will be hosted by HDFC Bank INFINIA.
2. Cardholder must have a valid golf handicap to avail the Green Fee offer to play golf and
may be requested to produce his/her golf handicap certificate prior to commencement of
the game at the golf club.
3. The number of slots available for complimentary golf sessions is limited and is available on
a firstcome-first served basis
4. A Cardholder shall be permitted to book a maximum of 14 days in advance and can hold
only one booking at a time.
5. The Golf and other benefits offered to the Cardholder are exclusive and are nontransferable
and a Cardholder may not permit any other person to avail of or use the golf benefits on his
/ her behalf.
6. Authentication transaction at golf course is a must & golf course reserves the right to
decline service without Authentication transaction.
7. Visit without an authentication transaction at the golf course will be considered a NO Show
Infinia Golf Program (Details & TnC)
8. The HDFC Bank INFINIA Golf Program is valid for golf course access only. Cardholders
and/or their guests will not have access to the other facilities at the golf clubs.
9. All payments for guests and any other charges requiring pre-payment must be made at the
time of confirmation of the booking and be charged to the Cardholder's HDFC Bank
INFINIA Credit Card.
10. Cardholders and their guests will still need to pay for range balls, fore - caddy fee, caddy
fee, insurance and hire of equipment directly at the club, where applicable.
11. There will be an administration fee of Rs. 500 plus applicable taxes for any change
requests made after confirmation of booking. Changes may only be made subject to
availability.
12. There will be a Cancellation / NO Show fee of Rs. 500 plus applicable taxes charged as per
applicable terms
13. Cardholders may bring guest(s) subject to a maximum of three guests per booking, which is
subject to availability. Guests shall pay applicable rates, which Cardholder must charge to
his/her Primary Credit Card.
14. Should the golf game be suspended or cancelled after commencing the round due rain,
inclement weather or for any other reason there will be no refund of Guest charges or any
other pre-paid charges. Weekend rates apply for golf games booked on a Saturday/
Sunday/Restricted Holiday/Public Holiday as applicable.
15. If a Cardholder is joining a Club Member he/she will not be entitled to take along guests for
that round. Booking will be processed only on best effort basis.
16. A club member cannot make a booking directly at the club and transfer the confirmed tee-
time over to the Cardholder and vice-versa.
17. The HDFC Bank INFINIA golf program is not a golf club membership and is not to be
regarded as a golf club membership.
18. Acceptance of requests for bookings for golf games are subject to availability and will be
accepted at the discretion of the golf clubs / golf instructors.
19. Special Clause for specific Golf courses: Certain Golf Courses allow only 4 visits in a month
for a customer.
20. Any requests for changes to confirmed booking times are subject to availability and will be
accepted at the discretion of the golf clubs / golf instructors.
21. To avail the benefits of the privileges of this special golf program, Cardholders must make
all enquiries and bookings through HDFC Bank INFINIA concierge and must not contact the
Golf Clubs / Golf Instructors directly.
22. Cardholders will not be granted access to the golf clubs unless the booking is routed and
processed via the HDFC Bank INFINIA Concierge Service.
23. Golf Clubs/Golf Instructors will not entertain any direct correspondence/enquiries and/or
attempts for bookings directly from the Cardholders.
24. HDFC Bank reserves the right to change/replace the golf clubs and golf learning facilities at
which golf benefits are being offered without notice.
25. All payments for guests must be made upon booking and charged to the HDFC Bank
INFINIA Principal Credit Card. All cancellation/ administration charges will be charged to
the HDFC Bank INFINIA Principal Credit Card. This would require the principal Cardholders
to provide all mandatory information about their credit card to affect the charge as
stipulated by HDFC Bank INFINIA/Concierge and/or to incur the charge via an IVR or
manual process at the time of confirmation of the golf booking
Infinia Golf Program (Details & TnC)
26. Tournament dates at courses are blackout dates.
27. Golf Rates quoted may not be inclusive of taxes and are subject to change without notice.
28. The HDFC Bank INFINIA golf program cannot be used by Cardholders or their guests in
conjunction with any other promotional golf program or any other special golf program
29. Cardholders and their guests must follow all local club/local; establishment usage rules
including limits of access to use club facilities as applicable to Green Fee players.
30. To the fullest extent permissible by law, each participating Cardholder releases HDFC Bank
and its service provider partner from any claim, loss, damage, cost or expense (including
any claim for legal expenses) sustained or incurred by him/her in connection with their
participation in the program.
31. HDFC Bank does not underwrite or warrant the services performed by the golf courses/golf
learning facilities/golf instructors and shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any
deficiency, delay or imperfection in such services or for any loss or damage that may be
suffered, or for any personal injury to a customer directly or indirectly by use or non-use of
the services provided by the golf club/golf learning facility/golf instructor.
32. Any individual applying/activating/ using The HDFC INFINIA Golf Program is deemed to
have read and accepted the Terms and Conditions governing the program as applicable
from time to time
33. HDFC INFINIA and participating Establishment(s) reserve their absolute rights to alter/
withdraw any of the terms and conditions of the offer or complete offer at any time without
priori notice.