Club Marriott Membership (Details & TnC)
Benefits
HDFC Infinia Cardholders enjoy a complimentary Club Marriott Membership, which provides
exclusive privileges:
Up to 25% off on the Food and Beverage bill at participating restaurants for up to twenty
(20) guests. Select hotels offer 15% off on dining for up to twenty (20) guests.
Up to 20% off on the Best Available Rate on rooms at participating Marriott hotels in India
and on Weekend Rates at participating hotels in Asia Pacific.
20% off on Spa services at select participating Marriott managed spas in India.
Please visit https://www.clubmarriott.in/infinia to see the list of participating hotels in Asia Pacific
and Spas in India.
Member's Day on Tuesday: Avail of a 50% off on the food bill and a 25% off on the
beverage bill for up to a maximum of ten (10) guests at all participating All Day Dining
restaurants in India. The list of participating All Day Dining restaurants can be viewed at
https://www.clubmarriott.in/allday-dining-restaurants.
Member's Night on Monday: Buy one drink and get the second drink (same as the first
one) with our compliments for 7:00 PM onwards at all participating Bars in India. This
benefit is valid only on IMFL and for up to a maximum of six (6) guests. The list of
participating Bars can be viewed at https://www.clubmarriott.in/bars.
In addition, the members also receive two (2) one-time use stay certificates that are valid for
use in India only and must be consumed within the membership year.
One (1) certificate offering 30% off on the Best Available Rate on the base category of
rooms, for a maximum of two (2) consecutive nights. Valid at 90+ participating Marriott
hotels in India and subject to availability.
One (1) certificate offering an Upgrade to the next category of rooms on the Best
Available Rate when rooms are booked at full price. Valid on a stay for a maximum of two
(2) consecutive nights at 90+ participating Marriott hotels in India. Subject to availability.
Eligibility
First year of cardholding is defined as 366 days from the card issuance date.
Validity: For the Primary Cardholder, the membership is valid for 366 days.
A complimentary Spouse Card is available, with card-only benefits.
Frequently Asked Questions:
1.Who is eligible for the Club Marriott Membership?
Infinia Cardholders are eligible for this membership for the first year of cardholding. First year of
cardholding is defined as 366 days from the card issuance date.
2.What is the Club Marriott Membership Program?
It is a membership program that entitles you to benefits at o<version> hotels and 1000
restaurants at participating Marriott hotels in Asia Pacific.
Club Marriott Membership (Details & TnC)
Your membership comes with the following card benefits:
Up to 25% off on the Food and Beverage bill at participating restaurants for up to twenty
(20) guests. Select hotels offer 15% off on dining for up to twenty (20) guests.
Member's Day on Tuesday: Avail of a 50% off on the food bill and a 25% off on the
beverage bill for up to a maximum of ten (10) guests at all participating All Day Dining
Outlets in India. The list of participating All Day Dining restaurants can be viewed at
https://www.clubmarriott.in/alldaydining-restaurants.
Member's Night on Monday: Buy one drink and get the second drink (same as the first
one) with our compliments for 7:00 PM onwards at all participating Bars in India. This
benefit is valid only on IMFL and for up to a maximum of six (6) guests. The list of
participating Bars can be viewed at https://www.clubmarriott.in/bars.
Up to 20% off on the Best Available Rate on rooms at participating Marriott hotels in India
and on Weekend Rates at participating hotels in Asia Pacific.
20% off on Spa services at select participating Marriott hotels in India.
In addition, the Member will also receive two (2) one-time use certificates that are valid for use
in India only.
One (1) certificate entitling the Member to an upgrade to the next category of room on the
Best Available Rate for a stay of a maximum of two (2) consecutive nights. Upgrade is
subject to availability at the time of check-in.
One (1) certificate entitling the Member to 30% off on accommodation on the Best Available
Rate on the base category of rooms, valid for a stay of a maximum of two (2) consecutive
nights. Reservations must be made in advance and are subject to room allocations.
Use of these certificates is governed by the Terms and Conditions mentioned on the back of
each certificate on the Club Marriott South Asia App.
3.What is the procedure to apply for the Club Marriott Membership?
Within 15 days of the Infinia Card setup, the cardholder will receive an SMS /e-mail from HDFC
Bank to apply for the membership. The cardholder will need to visit the webpage shared over
SMS/e-mail and provide details as required for membership issuance. A Rs.1 transaction will
have to be completed by the cardholder on the webpage.
4.How will the customer know he/she has successfully enrolled for the Club Marriott
Membership?
On successful verification, the cardholder will receive an activation email with the Membership
Number instantly.
5.How will the customer activate the Membership?
Follow these steps to activate your membership.
i. Download the Club Marriott South Asia App from the App Store / Google Play Store.
ii. Click on Activate Membership.
Club Marriott Membership (Details & TnC)
iii. Enter the Membership Number and verify your mobile number and e-mail to create your
login credentials.
iv. Unlock your membership to access a range of benefits at participating Marriott hotels.
v. You have the option of adding a Spouse Card at the time of activating your membership on
the app.
6.What are the Terms and Conditions applicable on this membership?
The customer needs to visit the partner webpage and provide his/her details as required for
the issuance of membership. The customer needs to use his/her registered e-mail ID and
mobile number.
7.What is the validity of this membership?
It is valid for a period of 366 days from the date of card issuance.
8.By when can the customer avail the membership?
The membership can be availed only in the first year of Infinia cardholding. The First year of
cardholding is defined as 366 days from the card issuance date. This membership will NOT be
renewed by HDFC Bank.
9.In case of any support required post issuance of Club Marriott membership, whom can
the customer contact?
• Member Care Number: +91 11 4316 9650 from 9 AM to 9 PM, 7 days a week
• Email member.care@clubmarriott.in
• WhatsApp +91 97100 82100
• Facebook Messenger https://m.me/71890930480110