Metal Credit Card - Apply for Infinia Card Metal Edition | HDFC Bank
Skip To Main Content
Infinia Metal Credit Card
By Invite Only
5 Reward Points for every ₹ 150 spent
24 x 7 Global Personal Concierge
Unlimited global airport lounge access
What's In Store For You
Card Benefits & Features
Card Management & Controls
Eligibility Criteria & How to Apply?
Frequently Asked questions
More Benefits Than Ever Before
Welcome Benefits
Complimentary Club Marriott membership for first year. Here.
Welcome benefit of 12,500 reward points*
Travel Benefits
Book stay for 3-nights & pay for 2 at participating ITC hotels. Here.
Unlimited complimentary global airport lounge access for primary and add-on cardholders. Here.
Lifestyle Benefits
Unlimited Complimentary Global golf lessons & games. Here.
24 x 7 Global Personal Concierge for customized bookings & assistance
Reward Benefits
Earn 5 Reward Points on every Rs.150 spent*
Earn up to 10x Reward Points on Smartbuy spends*
Dining Benefits
1+1 buffet at participating ITC hotels. Here.
Up to 25% discount on Dining & stay across Asia-Pacific with Complimentary Club Marriott Membership
View More
Additional Benefits
Welcome Benefits:
Complimentary Club Marriott membership for first year. Here.
Up to 25% discounts for Dining & stay across Asia – Pacific region .
Member's Night on Monday: Buy one drink, get a complimentary second drink.
Member's Day on Tuesday: 50% off on food bill & 25% off on beverage bill.
Renewal benefit 12,500 Reward Points* upon fee realization and card activation.
Renewal fee waiver - Spend 10 lakhs or more in the preceding 12 months and get renewal membership fee waived off for next year.
View More
Travel, Hotel & Dining Benefits
Unlimited complimentary Domestic airport lounge access in India with your HDFC Bank Infinia Credit Card (Primary & Add-on).
Unlimited complimentary International airport lounge access outside India via Priority Pass for Primary and Add-on cardholders (1,000+ lounges worldwide).
View List of eligible Lounges here. Click here to know more
Book stay for 3-nights and pay for two at participating ITC hotels.
1+1 complimentary buffet at participating ITC hotels. Know More.
View More
Golf Benefits
Unlimited Complimentary Golf lessons & games at leading courses across India and select courses across the world.
Enjoy 100% green fee waiver at select golf courses worldwide.
24x7 Golf Concierge Assistance services for booking/cancellation at 1800 118 887 | 022 42320226.
To check the golf course list- CLICK HERE , For T&C- CLICK HERE
View More
Concierge Benefits
Here are some of the services provided by our concierge.
Golf Booking
Itinerary planning and reservation assistance
Private dining assistance
International gift delivery
Event planning and referrals
Airport VIP service (meet-and-greet) and much more.
Click here for Contact details & T&Cs.
View More
Reward Point Benefits
A. Reward Points Accrual:
Earn 5 Reward Points on every Rs.150 retail* spends including Insurance, Utilities and Education
Earn up to 10 times Reward Points* on your travel and shopping spends on Smartbuy
B. Reward Points Redemption:
You can redeem your Reward Points on Smartbuy or Netbanking.
C. Card Reward and Redemption Program
Click here to know more
View More
Know More About The Card
Credit Card Management & Controls
Card Reward and Redemption Program
Contactless Payment
Most Important Terms and Conditions
Insurance Benefits
Additional Benefits
Concierge Services
INFINIA Metal Edition Card Fees and Charges
Credit Card Management & Controls
Netbanking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card through NetBanking, follow these steps:
1. Log in to HDFC Bank NetBanking using your Customer ID.
2. Go to the Cards Tab >Select the card > Click Manage card>Manage Domestic and International Limits.
3. You will be able to view your existing daily domestic and international usage limits.
4. Enable or disable Online, Contactless, and International usage based on your preference.
5. Click ‘Update’, enter the OTP received on your registered mobile number, and then click ‘Continue’.
6. Your selected card controls will be updated instantly.
Mobile Banking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card conveniently through our HDFC Bank MobileBanking App, follow these steps:
1. Open the HDFC Bank MobileBanking App and log in using your credentials.
2. Go to the ‘Cards’ section from the menu.
3. Select the HDFC Bank Credit Card for which you want to enable card controls.
4. Click ‘Manage Limits’, then enable/disable transaction types such as Online Transactions, Contactless Payments, and International Usage, or set transaction limits according to your preference.
5. Click ‘Update’ to confirm your changes and enter your MPIN. The updated card control settings will be applied instantly.
For more detailed management, you can also use our MyCards platform at https://mycards.hdfc.bank.in/ which offers a seamless experience without the need for passwords or downloads.
MyCards
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card via MyCards, follow these steps:
1. Visit the MyCards portal- https://mycards.hdfc.bank.in/ on your desktop or mobile.
2. Log in using your registered mobile number and the OTP received.
3. For first-time users, enter the last four digits of your card.
4. On the card homepage, click the ‘Card Control’ tab.
5. Enable/disable features such as Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, International Usage, and set usage limits as per your preference.
6. Confirm your settings, and the changes will be applied instantly.
PayZapp
You can conveniently enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card through PayZapp by following these steps:
1. Open the PayZapp app and log in using your credentials.
2. On the homepage, tap the ‘MyCards’ tab> Select ‘Go to MyCards’.
3. Log in using your registered mobile number and the OTP sent to your mobile.
4. If you are a first-time user, enter the last four digits of your HDFC Bank Credit Card.
5. On the card homepage, tap the ‘Card Control’ tab.
6. Enable or disable features such as Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, and International Usage, or set usage limits according to your preference.
7. Confirm your settings. The updated card control settings will be applied instantly.
WhatsApp Banking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card using WhatsApp Banking, follow the steps given below:
1. Add HDFC Bank’s official WhatsApp number – 7070022222 – to your contacts.
2. Send the text "Credit Card" to this number.
3. You will receive a reply with options. Choose the option “Manage My Card”
4. You will receive a reply with options to select “Domestic / International/ Enhance limits”
5. Choose the option you want to enable, such as Domestic Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, or International Transactions.
6. Enter the transaction limit you want to set. An OTP will be sent to your registered mobile number. Enter the OTP to confirm the change.
7. Enter the last 4 digits of your Credit Card number.
8. The current status of the selected transaction type will be shown as Enabled.
IVR
To enable or modify your HDFC Bank Credit Card controls and transaction limits, you can contact HDFC Bank's toll-free numbers:
Toll-free numbers : 1800 1600 or 1800 2600 (available from 8 am to 8 pm)
For overseas travel assistance : 022-61606160
By contacting our toll-free numbers, you can enable/modify limits for Domestic, International, Online, Contactless, ATM, and POS transactions on your Debit or Credit Card.
Card Reward and Redemption Program
Reward Redemption Value:
Redeem your Reward Points on SmartBuy or NetBanking .
Reward points redemption against each category can be redeemed at:
1 Reward point Equivalent to
Apple products and Tanishq vouchers purchased via SmartBuy
₹1
Flights and hotel bookings
₹1
Airmiles conversion
Upto 1 Airmile
Products and Voucher
up to ₹0.50
Cashback against statement Balance
up to ₹ 0.30
Redemption Limit:
A maximum of 2 lakh reward points can be redeemed in a statement cycle.
Reward point redemption will be capped at 1.5 lakh reward points per month for Flights, Hotel Bookings and airmiles.
Reward points can be redeemed for up to 70% of the total bill value on purchase of Apple products and Tanishq vouchers. The remaining amount will have to be paid via Credit Card.
Reward Point redemptions are capped per month to 50,000 reward points against statement balance.
*Please click here to know more.
Contactless Payment
The HDFC Bank Infinia Credit Card is enabled for contactless payments, facilitating fast, convenient and secure payments at retail outlets.
To see if your Card is contactless, look for the contactless network symbol on your Card.
(Please note that in India, payment through contactless mode is allowed for a maximum of ₹5000 for a single transaction where you are not asked to input your Credit Card PIN. However, if the amount is higher than or equal to ₹5000, the Card holder has to enter the Credit Card PIN for security reasons)
Most Important Terms and Conditions
*The Most Important Terms and Conditions for each of our banking offerings features all the specific terms and conditions that govern their use. You must go through it thoroughly to fully understand the terms and conditions applicable to any banking product you choose.
Click here to access all important links related to your Credit Card.
Insurance Benefits
Accidental Air Death cover worth Rs. 3 Crore
Emergency overseas hospitalization up to Rs. 50 lakhs in case of emergency
Credit Shield Cover for upto 9 lakhs
Click Here to update your nominee details.
Click Here for more details.
Additional Benefits
Smart EMI : HDFC Bank Infinia Credit Card comes with an option to convert your big spends into EMI after purchase. To know more click here
Foreign Currency Markup : Lowest markup fee of 2% on all foreign currency transactions.
Zero Lost card liability : In the unfortunate event of losing your HDFC Bank Infinia Credit Card, on reporting it immediately to our 24-hour call centre, you have zero liability on any fraudulent transactions made on your Credit Card.
Interest Free Credit Period : Up to 50 days of interest free period on your HDFC Bank Infinia Credit Card from the date of purchase (subject to the submission of the charge by the Merchant)
Revolving Credit : Enjoy Revolving Credit on your HDFC Bank Infinia Credit Card at nominal interest rate. Refer to the Fees and Charges section to know more click here.
Fuel Surcharge Wai<version>% fuel surcharge waiver at all fuel stations across India on transactions between Rs.400 and Rs.1,00,000. Note - No Reward Points are earned on fuel transactions. More Details
Concierge Services
Customize your travel, entertainment, and business experiences with our 24x7 Global Personal Concierge Assistance
Here are some of the services provided by our concierge.
Golf Booking
Itinerary planning and reservation assistance
Private dining assistance
International gift delivery
Event planning and referrals
Airport VIP service (meet-and-greet), and much more.
Click here for Concierge T&C
Contact for Bookings/Assistance:
Toll Free No.: 1800 118 887 Landline No.: 022 42320226
Email ID: Infinia.support@smartbuyoffers.co
For Other Assistance: (HDFC Bank Customer Care):
Toll Free: 18001600 / 18002600
From Outside India: +91 2261606160
E-mail: infinia.services@hdfc.bank.in
INFINIA Metal Edition Card Fees and Charges
For INFINIA Cards sourced after October 18, 2021:
Joining/Renewal Membership Fee
Joining Fee: ₹12,500 plus Applicable Taxes
Renewal Fee: ₹12,500 plus Applicable Taxes
Fee Waiver: Spend ₹10 lakh or more in a year before the renewal date to get the renewal fee waived.
For INFINIA Cards sourced before October 18, 2021
Joining Fee: ₹10,000 plus Applicable Taxes
Renewal Fee: ₹10,000 plus Applicable Taxes
Fee Waiver: Spend ₹8 lakh or more in a year before the renewal date to get the renewal fee waived.
Click here for detailed Fees and Charges
Click here for the Card Member Agreement
Disclaimer: Terms and conditions apply. Credit Card approvals are at the sole discretion of HDFC Bank Limited. Credit Card approvals are subject to documentation and verification as per the Bank's requirement. Interest rates are subject to change. Please check with your RM or closest bank branch for current interest rates.
Types of Credit Card
Credit Card
Travel Credit Card
Rewards Credit Card
Lifestyle Credit Card
Premium & Super
Premium Credit Card
Credit Card Services
Credit Card Netbanking
Credit Card Limit
Enhancement
Credit Card Upgrade
Track Your Credit Card
Other Credit Card Services
Credit Card Important Links
MyCards
Redeem Reward Points
Credit Card Bill Payment
Loan On Credit Card
Credit Card EMI Calculator
Related Articles
Benefits of Credit Card
Difference Between
Credit Card & Debit Card
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
How to make UPI Payments with Credit Card
How To Use Credit Card Wisely
Frequently Asked Questions
What is a Metal Credit Card?
Metal Credit Cards are premium Credit Cards which are highly exclusive, usually available by invite only. HDFC Bank’s Infinia Metal Credit Card is available in a metallic version with many unique benefits. To get this card, you need an invitation. As a welcome benefit, you get 12,500 Reward Points upon fee realisation and card activation.
Who is eligible for an Infinia Metal Credit Card?
HDFC Bank Infinia Metal Credit Card is offered to select customers by invitation only. The Bank will assess your eligibility and inform you personally if you qualify for the card.
Is the Infinia Metal Credit Card free?
No, the Infinia Metal Credit Card is not free. There is a joining fee of ₹12,500 plus applicable taxes and an annual renewal fee of ₹12,500 plus applicable taxes.
What are the advantages of having an Infinia Metal Credit Card?
The card offers a wide range of benefits:
Stylish metal edition Credit Card
5 Reward Points per ₹150 spent
Complimentary Club Marriott membership for the first year and 12,500 Reward Points upon fee realisation and card activation
On spending ₹10 lakh or more in the preceding 12 months, get a renewal fee waiver in the next year
Unlimited airport lounge access
How to Apply for a Metal Credit Card?
Membership to this card is available by invitation only.
What is Club Marriott Membership?
A membership to Marriott Hotels in India and Asia-Pacific region that provides benefits to members on presentation of the Club Marriott Membership Card. The benefits include:
Up to 25% off on the food and beverage bill at participating restaurants.
Up to 20% off on the Best Available Rate on rooms at participating Marriott hotels in India and Asia Pacific.
20% off on Spa services at select participating Marriott managed spas in India.
Know more about Membership registeration & other T&Cs.
What are the documents required to obtain a Metal Credit Card?
Membership for the HDFC Bank Infinia Metal Credit Card is available by invitation only.
View More