Fuel Credit Card - Apply for Indianoil Credit Card Online | HDFC Bank
Skip To Main Content
Indian Oil HDFC Bank Credit Card
Earn up to 50 Litres of Free fuel annually
Earn 5% of your spends as Fuel Points at IndianOil outlets*
Earn 5% of your spends as Fuel Points on Groceries and Bill Payments*
Apply Now
What's in store for you
Card Benefits & Features
Eligibility Criteria
Documents Required to Apply
Application Process
Card Management & Controls
Frequently Asked Questions
A card for every use
Apply for multiple cards to get
exclusive discounts and
offers
More benefits than ever before
IndianOil Benefits
Earn 5% of your spends as Fuel Points at IndianOil outlets*
Welcome Benefits
Complimentary IndianOil XTRAREWARDSTM Program (IXRP) membership
Exclusive Benefits
Earn Fuel Points on retail spends with the IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card*
Activation Benefits
INR 250 worth of voucher upon card activation and completion of at least one transaction within 37 days from card issuance date
View More
Additional Benefits
Fuel-Point Benefits
Earn 5% Fuel Points on Groceries & Bill Payments (POS & online; max 100 points/month per category*).
Earn 1 Fuel Point for every ₹150 spent on other purchases, including UPI transactions.
Applicable on card swipes, Max 250 Fuel Points per month in first 6 months, Max 150 Fuel Points post 6 months from card issuance*
View More
Payment Benefits
Link your IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card on PayZapp.
Earn Additional CashBack along with the card CashPoints on Utility Bills, Mobile Recharges and more.
Get ₹1,000 CashBack on Shopping in-app o<version>plus brands
Securely pay without the hassle of OTPs with ‘Swipe to Pay’
View More
Banking Benefits
Get up to 50 days of interest free Credit from the date of purchase (subject to submission of the charge by the Merchant).
Spend ₹50,000 or above in the first year and get a waiver on the renewal membership fee
1% Fuel Surcharge waiver at all Indian fuel stations (min ₹400/transaction, max ₹250/cycle)
View More
Wondering if you’re eligible?
Salaried
Nationality: Indian
Age: Minimum 21 years, Maximum 60 Years
Net Monthly Income: > ₹12,000
Self-Employed
Nationality: Indian
Age: Minimum 21 years, Maximum 65 years
Annual Income: ITR > ₹6 lakh per annum
Save up to ₹10,000* annually just like 22 lakh+ HDFC Bank Credit Card Holders
Apply Now
Documents required to get you started
Identity Proof
Passport
Aadhaar card
Voter ID
Driver's licence
PAN card
Passport size photos
Address Proof
Aadhaar card
Passport
Utility bills (electricity, water, gas)
Rental agreement
Bank statement
Income Proof
Salary slips (recent)
Form 16
Income Tax Returns (ITR)
Bank statements
Apply Now in 3 Easy Steps:
The Steps are:
Step 1 - Provide & validate your Phone Number & Date of Birth/PAN
Step 2- Confirm your details
Step 3- Select your Card
Step 4- Submit & Receive your Card*
*In certain cases, uploading documents and completing video KYC might be required.
Apply Now
More about IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card
Credit Card Management & Controls
Fees & Charges
Additional Features
Contactless Payment
Card Reward and Redemption Program
Fuel Points Validity & Redemption Limit
Most Important Terms and Conditions
Value Chart for the Customer
Application Channels
Credit Card Management & Controls
Netbanking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card through NetBanking, follow these steps:
1. Log in to HDFC Bank NetBanking using your Customer ID.
2. Go to the Cards Tab >Select the card > Click Manage card>Manage Domestic and International Limits.
3. You will be able to view your existing daily domestic and international usage limits.
4. Enable or disable Online, Contactless, and International usage based on your preference.
5. Click ‘Update’, enter the OTP received on your registered mobile number, and then click ‘Continue’.
6. Your selected card controls will be updated instantly.
Mobile Banking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card conveniently through our HDFC Bank MobileBanking App, follow these steps:
1. Open the HDFC Bank MobileBanking App and log in using your credentials.
2. Go to the ‘Cards’ section from the menu.
3. Select the HDFC Bank Credit Card for which you want to enable card controls.
4. Click ‘Manage Limits’, then enable/disable transaction types such as Online Transactions, Contactless Payments, and International Usage, or set transaction limits according to your preference.
5. Click ‘Update’ to confirm your changes and enter your MPIN. The updated card control settings will be applied instantly.
For more detailed management, you can also use our MyCards platform at https://mycards.hdfc.bank.in/ which offers a seamless experience without the need for passwords or downloads.
MyCards
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card via MyCards, follow these steps:
1. Visit the MyCards portal- https://mycards.hdfc.bank.in/ on your desktop or mobile.
2. Log in using your registered mobile number and the OTP received.
3. For first-time users, enter the last four digits of your card.
4. On the card homepage, click the ‘Card Control’ tab.
5. Enable/disable features such as Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, International Usage, and set usage limits as per your preference.
6. Confirm your settings, and the changes will be applied instantly.
PayZapp
You can conveniently enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card through PayZapp by following these steps:
1. Open the PayZapp app and log in using your credentials.
2. On the homepage, tap the ‘MyCards’ tab> Select ‘Go to MyCards’.
3. Log in using your registered mobile number and the OTP sent to your mobile.
4. If you are a first-time user, enter the last four digits of your HDFC Bank Credit Card.
5. On the card homepage, tap the ‘Card Control’ tab.
6. Enable or disable features such as Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, and International Usage, or set usage limits according to your preference.
7. Confirm your settings. The updated card control settings will be applied instantly.
WhatsApp Banking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card using WhatsApp Banking, follow the steps given below:
1. Add HDFC Bank’s official WhatsApp number – 7070022222 – to your contacts.
2. Send the text "Credit Card" to this number.
3. You will receive a reply with options. Choose the option “Manage My Card”
4. You will receive a reply with options to select “Domestic / International/ Enhance limits”
5. Choose the option you want to enable, such as Domestic Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, or International Transactions.
6. Enter the transaction limit you want to set. An OTP will be sent to your registered mobile number. Enter the OTP to confirm the change.
7. Enter the last 4 digits of your Credit Card number.
8. The current status of the selected transaction type will be shown as Enabled.
IVR
To enable or modify your HDFC Bank Credit Card controls and transaction limits, you can contact HDFC Bank's toll-free numbers:
Toll-free numbers : 1800 1600 or 1800 2600 (available from 8 am to 8 pm)
For overseas travel assistance : 022-61606160
By contacting our toll-free numbers, you can enable/modify limits for Domestic, International, Online, Contactless, ATM, and POS transactions on your Debit or Credit Card.
Fees & Charges
Joining/Renewal Membership Fee – ₹500/- plus Applicable Taxes
Click here  to view details of your IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card fees and charges
For card sourced effective 01-11- 2020, Below T&Cs are applicable
1. The Bank reserves the right to cancel the Card in case the Card remains inactive and is not used for effecting any transaction for a continuous period of 6 (Six) months after prior written notice sent on the email address and/or phone number and/or communication address, registered in the records of the Bank.
1% Fee on transaction amount will be levied on rental transactions done on any applicable merchant for the month. Fee capped at ₹3,000 per transaction, effective 1st August 2024.
3.5% Mark-Up fee will be applicable on all International / Cross currency transaction
Additional Features
Zero Cost Card Liability: Available on any fraudulent transactions made on your Credit Card if reported immediately to HDFC Bank’s 24-hour Call Centre.
Revolving Credit: Available at a nominal interest rate. (Check Fees and Charges section for more details)
Interest-free Credit Period: Get up to 50 days of interest free Credit from the date of purchase. (subject to submission of the charge by the Merchant)
Smart EMI: Option to convert big spends into EMI after purchase available on IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card. ( Click here to know more)
Contactless Payment
Contactless Payment: IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card is enabled* for Contactless Payments at retail outlets.
(Note: In India, payment through contactless mode is allowed for a maximum of ₹5,000 for a single transaction where you are not asked to input your Credit Card PIN. However, if the amount is higher than or equal to ₹5,000, the Card holder must enter the Credit Card PIN for security reasons. You may check for the Contactless Network Symbol on your card.)
Card Reward and Redemption Program
Fuel Point is an exclusive Rewards metric system created only for IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card holders. Fuel Points can also be earned on retail spends with the IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card.
Accelerated 5% Fuel Points on spends at IndianOil outlets, Groceries and Bill payments. (Accelerated 5% Fuel Points benefit will be given only for fuel transactions on IndianOil Retail Outlets.)
Redeem Fuel Points for Free Fuel using the complimentary IndianOil XTRAREWARDS TM Program (IXRP) membership. Redemption at participating IndianOil Petrol Outlet by converting Fuel Points into XRP (Xtra Rewards Program where 1 Fuel Point = 3XP = 96 Paise).
Redeem Fuel Points through NetBanking towards catalogue products (where 1 FP = upto 20 paise)
Redeem Fuel Points as CashBack on your IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card. (CashBack Redemption against Statement balance where 1 FP = 20 Paise)
Cost Per Unit in ₹
IOCL Fuel Points in ₹
Product Catalogue
CashBack
Upto 0.20
0.2
1 Fuel Point = 3 ExtraRewards Point (XRP)
1 XRP = 0.32
1 Fuel Point = 0.96
Click here to know more on the process to redeem Fuel Points, cashback points.
To locate your nearest IndianOil Petrol Outlet, click here
Fuel Points Validity & Redemption Limit
Fuel Points are valid for a period of 2 years.
Redemption of Reward Points to CashBack and Travel categories will be capped at 50,000 points per month per customer
Accrual of Reward Points on Grocery Spends will be capped at 1000 points per month per customer
There will be no Reward Points accrual on Spends made on Rental and Government category payments
Points plus Pay - A maximum of 70% can be paid using Reward Points and the other 30% to be made by payment modes (Cash/Cards/UPI etc.)
Most Important Terms and Conditions
*The Most Important Terms and Conditions for each of our banking offerings features all the specific terms and conditions that govern their use. You must go through it thoroughly to fully understand the terms and conditions applicable to any banking product you choose.
Click here to access all important links related to your Credit Card.
For product specific T&C, click here
Value Chart for the Customer
SPENDS
CATEGORY
TYPICAL MONTHLY SPENDS(in Rs.)
% Fuel Points
Fuel Points due
Monthly Max Capping*
Fuel Points Earned
A
Petrol (IOCL Pumps)
5%
B
Groceries
5%
C
Utilities
5%
D
Rest
0.7%
NA
E
Total (A+B+C+D)
NA
Annual Fuel Points Earned (E x 12):
Cash Value of Points on Redemption (1 FP = 3 XRP = Rs. 0.96):
FREE FUEL LITRES @ Rs . 100 PER LITRE
Monthly Max cap for Fuel Points accrued on IndianOil Outlets for the first 6 months from Card issuance is: 250 FP
Monthly Max cap for Fuel Points accrued on IndianOil Outlets post 6 months is: 150 FP
*1 FP = Rs. 0.96 for fuel transactions at IOCL fuel pumps
Application Channels
You can choose any of the following easy options to apply for your HDFC Bank Credit Card:
1. Website
You can quickly apply online by clicking here .
2. NetBanking
If you're an existing HDFC Bank customer, simply log in to NetBanking and apply from the ‘Cards’ section.
3. HDFC Bank Branch
Prefer a face-to-face interaction? Just visit your nearest branch and our staff will help you with the application.
Types of Credit Card
Credit Card
Travel Credit Card
Rewards Credit Card
Lifestyle Credit Card
Premium & Super
Premium Credit Card
Credit Card Services
Credit Card Netbanking
Credit Card Limit
Enhancement
Credit Card Upgrade
Track Your Credit Card
Other Credit Card Services
Credit Card Important Links
MyCards
Redeem Reward Points
Credit Card Bill Payment
Loan On Credit Card
Credit Card EMI Calculator
Related Articles
Benefits of Credit Card
Difference Between
Credit Card & Debit Card
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
How to make UPI Payments with Credit Card
How To Use Credit Card Wisely
Frequently Asked Questions
What are Fuel Points?
Fuel Points are an exclusive Rewards metric system created only for IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Cardholders. You earn Fuel Points on retail spends you make through your IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Cards and accelerated Fuel Point accrual on key categories like your Fuel spends (Only* at IndianOil Retail outlets), Groceries and Utilities as mentioned in the Product Features and Benefits
*Accelerated 5% Fuel Points benefit will be given only for non-UPI transactions done at IndianOil Retail Outlets. Click here for fuel points on UPI transactions on IOCL card.
What is a Fuel Credit Card?
IndianOil Credit Card is ideal for a frequent driver. This fuel credit card ensures significant savings on fuel purchases, offering practical benefits beyond your vehicle's needs. Apply online today to start maximising your savings on fuel and utility bills without any joining fee.
What is IndianOil XTRAREWARDSTM PROGRAM that is mentioned in the Product Features?
IndianOil XTRAREWARDSTM PROGRAM is an exclusive Loyalty Rewards Program owned and run by Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. This Loyalty program rewards the customers enrolled with them by awarding XTRAREWARDTM Points (XRP) on every transaction at any IndianOil Retail Outlet and also allowing the Customer to redeem these accrued Points at participating IndianOil Retail Outlet for free fuel.
For more details on this program, visit, https://www.xtrarewards.com
IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Cardholders will get this Membership automatically and for free along with their credit cards. Your Membership will stay valid even after close of this Card or upgrade/migration to another HDFC Bank Credit Card. However, you will no longer be able to convert Fuel Points to XTRAREWARD Points for Fuel Redemption.
What is the Eligibility for an Indian Oil Credit Card?
For Salaried Individuals:
Nationality: Indian national
Age: Min 21 years to Max 60 Years,
Net Monthly Income> ₹10,000
For Self-Employed Individuals:
Nationality: Indian national
Age: Min 21 years and Max 65 Years
Annual Income: ITR > ₹6 lakh per annum
How do I redeem FP for free fuel?
To redeem Fuel Points for Free Fuel,
Convert your accrued Fuel Points into XTRAREWARDTM Points (XRP)
Use XRP at participating IndianOil Outlets for free fuel
To locate your nearest IndianOil Petrol Outlet, click here
Click here to know more
What are the documents required for a Fuel Credit Card application?
To apply for an IndianOil Credit Card, documents such as Identity proof, Address proof, bank statements, etc. may be required.
Click here to read more FAQs
What is the Annual Fee of IndianOil Credit Card?
The HDFC Bank Indian Oil Credit Card has a Joining Fee of ₹500, along with an annual fee of ₹500. Find the annual fee and joining fees here. . Some cards may have no joining fees, with waivers based on specific criteria.
I had logged into NetBanking to convert my Fuel Points into XTRAREWARDSTMPOINTS. My Fuel Points got deducted from my Card Account but I still haven’t received my XTRAREWARDSTM POINTS. What do I do?
Please ensure that your latest mobile number is updated on IndianOil XTRAREWARDSTM Membership, else your redemption will not get processed successfully.
In case of any questions or help, you can seek assistance through:
Call us on 1800 1600 / 1800 2600 (accessible across India) Customer travelling overseas can reach us on 022-61606160
Connect with Eva for quick solutions to common queries
Contact Nearest Branch
Please visit HDFC Bank Contact Us page for more details.
With respect to Fuel Points, if your XTRAREWARDSTM POINTS are not credited to your XTRAREWARDSTM Program Account within 72 hours, then your Fuel Points will be credited back into your Credit Card account within 7-10 business days
XRP can be tracked on https://www.xtrarewards.com or from the POS Terminal at the participating IndianOil Retail Outlet. You can also SMS a query XRP <IOCL XRP Card No> to 9223177998. Alternatively, you can also check your XRP Balance from IndianOil ONE app
I already have an existing XTRAREWARDS Program Customer ID. Can I still apply for an IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card?
Yes. You can still apply for an IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card. In this case, instead of creating a new XR CID, your existing XR CID will be merged with this program and you can start converting Fuel Points into XRP and use XRP to redeem free fuel at participating IndianOil Fuel Outlets.
NOTE:
Make sure that your Mobile Number registered with the Bank is the same as the mobile number registered with IndianOil XTRAREWARDSTM Program
In case the registered Mobile Number with the Bank is different from the one registered with IndianOil XTRAREWARDSTM Program, or for any questions or help, you can seek assistance through:
Call us on 1800 1600 / 1800 2600 (accessible across India) Customer travelling overseas can reach us on 022-61606160
Connect with Eva for quick solutions to common queries
Contact Nearest Branch
Please visit HDFC Bank Contact Us page for more details.
I bought items from Amazon which along included vegetable oil as well. Why didn’t I get 5% FP on this transaction?
Eligibility for Fuel Points on transaction is basis the Merchant Category Code (MCC) captured for the transaction. Only those MCCs recognized and considered by Partner Networks (Visa/RuPay) for the above mentioned categories will accrue 5% Fuel Points (FP). If your transaction didn’t accrue any FP, it is because it is not recognized as Fuel/Groceries/Utilities/Bill Payment as per standard Merchant Category Code
Should I register for XTRAREWARDSTM Program? If so, how to I enroll myself for it?
IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Cardholders are automatically and mandatorily registered with IndianOil XTRAREWARDSTM Program during the time of Credit Card issuance.
Once the Customer is automatically registered, you will receive an SMS on your registered mobile number from IndianOil, with the confirmation of your XTRAREWARDSTM Program account successfully been created along with an XTRAREWARDSTM Customer ID (XR CID).
In case you haven’t received the confirmation SMS within 5 business days of receiving your Credit Card, please connect with the Bank for resolution.
Post creation of your XR CID, you could also install “IndianOil ONE” App from Android Play Store or IOS App store (Not mandatory) to help keep track of your XRP Balance and Transactions
Note: XR CID is created by Indian Oil for the purpose of redeeming points against free fuel. This is different from the Customer ID maintained with the Bank.
Can I make partial payments using XTRAREWARD POINTSTM?
Yes, Post verifying that the IndianOil Retail outlet is a Participating Outlet, check with the Merchant on Payment option using XTRAREWARDTM POINT. Redemption process flow is mentioned in Q2. If you are unable to pay your fuel bill entirely through XTRAREWARDTM POINTS (XRP), Then you can partially pay through XRP and partially through your IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card.
What If I wish to cancel my membership with IndianOil XTRAREWARDS Program?
Having Customer ID with XTRAREWARDS Program is necessary since without this membership, you cannot convert Fuel Points accrued on your credit card into XTRAREWARDTM POINTS and use them at IndianOil Fuel Outlets for free fuel redemption. Also, having this XR CID is critical to receive information or any status update on your XTRAREWARDSTM Program account with IndianOil.
Can I get Fuel Point on all spends?
Fuel Points can be accrued on all kinds of Retail Spends that include both Online and Point of Sale (PoS) transactions. However, there are few kinds of transactions for which you will not get Fuel Points. They are:
Fuel transactions at other petrol pumps
Any kind of wallet-loading
On Returned purchases, disputed or unauthorized/fraudulent transactions
EMI Transactions
Account Fees and Payment
Purchase of jewellery/gold coins or its equivalents
I have spent more than Rs. 5000 on Petrol/Diesel/CNG in a calendar month. However, why I received only 150 FP. Why?
Please Note that there is a monthly capping on Fuel Points accrued on the below mentioned spends.
Spends at IndianOil Outlets –
- Monthly Max cap for the first 6 months from card issuance: 250 FP
- Monthly Max cap post 6 months: 150 FP
Spends on Groceries – Monthly Max cap: 100 FP
Spends on Utilities and Bill Payments – Monthly Max cap: 100 FP
What are the benefits of a Fuel Credit Card?
Fuel Credit Cards, like the Indian Oil Credit Card, offer fuel surcharge waivers, reward points on fuel spends, and free fuel accumulation for savings on fuel and utility bills.
What is the Cashback of the IndianOil Credit Card? What is the CashBack offered by the IndianOil Credit Card?
Indian Oil Credit Card provides CashBack in the form of reward points, redeemable for free fuel or other options. Details are in the card's terms.
How do I check my balance Fuel Points?
Fuel Points accrued on all eligible transactions posted within the calendar month will be added up and credited on the 1st of the next calendar month. Please note that maximum capping will be applied before crediting them.
A. You can check the Fuel Points accrued for the previous calendar month’s transactions posted on the current month statement shared with you (Physical or E-statement)
B. You can also check by Logging into:
NetBanking -> Cards Tab -> Click on “Enquiry” -> Reward Points Redemption -> Choose your IndianOil HDFC Bank Credit Card Number -> View total Fuel Points accrued
Can I Use the IndianOil Credit Card for Shopping?
Yes, you can use it for shopping, offering benefits not only on fuel but also rewards or cashback on other transactions.
View More
For the Everyday Driver
5% on IndianOil fuel
5% on utility & grocery spends
1% fuel surcharge off
Apply Now