Comprehensive Protection
The Card provides the following complimentary insurance covers:
1.Accidental death: In case of death in an air accident, the nominated next of kin will receive a
compensation of Rs 3 crore.
2.Medical emergency cover: The card holder is covered up to Rs 50 lakh against medical
emergencies during travel abroad.
3.Credit shield: The outstanding amount on the Infinia credit card is covered to an extent of Rs
9 lakh in case of accidental death and permanent disability.
4.Lost Card Liability: Cover up to Rs 9 lakh available for Primary Card Holder.
For Policy Document, please Click Here.
Claim Procedure:
Intimation of Claim to be provided within 60 days from the date of loss by the insured.
Documents to be submitted to HDFC ERGO within 130 days from the date of loss.
Contact Details:
For Fraud and Lost card liability contact our dedicated Customer Care Number:
+912261717606 (May be chargeable as per your tariff plan with your service provider)
Toll Free: +800 08250825 (International Toll Free - accessible from outside India) /
01204507250 (Chargeable)
Email: bankclaims@hdfcergo.com
Address: A&H Claims Inward Team, HDFC Ergo GIC Ltd., 6th Floor, Leela Business Park,
Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East. Mumbai 400059
Terms & Conditions:
All the above insurance covers are available to the Primary card holder only
Air Accident cover will be activated if the tickets are purchased using HDFC Bank Infinia
credit cards
Travel Insurance will be activated if the tickets are purchased using HDFC Bank Infinia
credit cards
Travel Insurance provided under the policy shall not be valid for procuring a travel visa
Travel Insurance provided shall be valid only for International Travel, subject to travel
origination from India
Maximum Trip Duration is restricted to 30 Days
Please note that all the above insurance covers will be available only after the Card member
activates his/her HDFC Bank Infinia Credit Card. Activation is defined as first purchase at a
retail outlet or cash withdrawal from an ATM using the HDFC Bank Infinia Credit Card. These
insurance covers are not provided by HDFC Bank. Additional Exclusions / Limitations are
applicable as per the policy of the insurance company with whom HDFC Bank has tied up for
providing these covers. Please contact the insurance company for detailed T&Cs