Tata Neu Infinity HDFC Bank Credit Card & Enjoy Offers | HDFC Bank
Skip To Main Content
Tata Neu Infinity Credit Card
5% back as NeuCoins on Tata Neu and partner Tata Brand Spends
Additional 5% back as NeuCoins on selected Tata Neu Spends, post registering for Tata NeuPass
1.5% back as NeuCoins on other Non-UPI spends
Apply Now
What's in store for you
Card Benefits & Features
Eligibility Criteria
Application Process
Card Management & Controls
More benefits than ever before
Reward Benefits (Non-UPI)
5% back as NeuCoins on Non-EMI Spends on Tata Neu and partner Tata Brands.
1.5% back as NeuCoins on eligible Non-Tata Brand Spends and any Merchant EMI Spends
Earn additional 5% back as NeuCoins on selected categories on Tata Neu App/Website
Reward Benefits (UPI)
Earn up to 1.5% back as NeuCoins on eligible UPI spends
Lounge Access
Domestic Lounge Access
2 Complimentary Domestic Lounge Voucher per calendar quarter (up to 8 per calendar year) can be availed on spends of Rs 50,000 or more in a calendar quarter.
International Lounge Access
4 Complimentary Lounge Access per calendar year (1 per Quarter), outside India.
View More
Additional benefits
Reward Benefits (Non-UPI)
5% back as NeuCoins on Non-EMI Spends on Tata Neu and partner Tata Brands. For list of eligible partner brands  click here
1.5% back as NeuCoins on Non-Tata Brand Spends and any Merchant EMI Spends
Earn additional 5% back as NeuCoins on selected categories on Tata Neu App/Website, post downloading Tata Neu App and registering for NeuPass. W.e.f 15-Jan-25 this benefit will be applicable for transactions done only via Primary Card Holder Mobile Number Account (as per credit card application) on Tata Neu using the Tata Neu HDFC Bank credit card Click here for details.
For details on the NeuPass, please click here
Currently, Bill Payment (Tata Pay), Tanishq, Cult.fit, Air India, Tata Play spends are not eligible for additional 5% NeuCoins via NeuPass Membership
NeuCoins will not be accrued for Fuel, Wallet, Rental, Government and Online Gaming related transactions.
For detailed Terms and conditions and Fair Usage Policy Click here
Note:
With effect from 1st January 2023:
1. NeuCoins earned on Grocery transactions will be capped to 2,000 per month for Tata Neu Infinity HDFC Bank Credit card.
With effect from 1st September 2024:
1. NeuCoins earned on Utility transactions will be capped at 2,000 NeuCoins per calendar month.
2. NeuCoins earned on Telecom & Cable transactions will be capped at 2,000 NeuCoins per calendar month.
3. Education payments made through third-party apps like (but not limited to) CRED, Cheq, MobiKwik, and others will NOT earn NeuCoins. However, education payments made directly through college/school websites or their POS machines will earn NeuCoins.
With effect from 1st July 2025:
1. No NeuCoins will be earned on Online Skill-Based Gaming transactions (MCC-5816)
2. NeuCoins accrued for insurance transactions will have a maximum capping 2,000 per month instead of 2,000 per day.
View More
Reward Benefits (UPI)
W.e.f. 01-Aug-24, earn up to 1.5% back as NeuCoins on eligible UPI spends
- Earn 0.50% back as NeuCoins on eligible UPI spends (including spends on partner Tata Brands), this will be posted to your card account by the Bank
- Earn additional 1% back as NeuCoins on any eligible UPI payments by using Tata Neu UPI ID. Additional NeuCoins on Tata Neu UPI payments will be posted directly to your Tata Neu Account, for more details: Click here .
- Total NeuCoins earned on all UPI payments will be capped to 500 NeuCoins per calendar month
NeuCoins will not be accrued for Fuel, Wallet, Rental, Government and Online Gaming related transactions.
For detailed Terms and conditions and Fair Usage Policy  click here
View More
Lounge Access
A. Domestic Lounge Access – VISA / RuPay Card
W.e.f 10-Jun-2025, Domestic Lounge Access benefit will be Milestone based and can be availed as a Lounge Voucher on spends of Rs 50,000 or more in a calendar quarter. Please note, you can access 2 Complimentary Domestic Lounge Vouchers per calendar quarter (up to 8 per calendar year). Click Here for the list of eligible domestic lounge access.
Upon qualifying for the benefit, you will receive SMS and Email, intimating you about the qualification. Please visit Claim Portal and login using your Bank registered mobile number and claim your lounge voucher within 120 days of qualification. Once you have claimed the voucher, you can use the voucher in the eligible lounge list within 180 days of issuance of the voucher, for more details Click here . You can also resend/view your claimed vouchers on Claim Portal.
To check the spends and qualification status in the current calendar quarter, from 10-Jun-2025 you can login into HDFC Bank Netbanking/Mobilebanking app > Go to Credit Card Section > Select Tata Neu HDFC Bank Credit Card > Click on Redeem Reward Points (you will be re-directed to Rewards Portal) > In Rewards Portal Go to MyReward > Spend Promo Details.
Note:- If your card is upgraded, lost, or reissued spends done on only new card will be considered. Spends done on previous card will not be considered for qualification.
B. International Lounge Access – VISA Card
W.e.f 01-Jun-2025, Priority Pass on Tata Neu Infinity HDFC Bank Credit Card- VISA will be issued only basis request. In case you have been issued a new/ renewed/ replacement card, then you can apply for Priority Pass for self and add-on members by calling HDFC Bank phonebanking toll-free numbers 1800 1600 or 1800 2600 to enjoy the international lounge access as per the product feature benefit.
Using Priority Pass, you and your add on member can together avail up to 4 Complimentary Lounge Access per calendar year (1 per Quarter), outside India.
If you exceed the 4 Complimentary (1 per Quarter) visits, you will be charged at US $27 + GST per visit
All guests visits using Priority pass would be charged at US $27 + GST per visit per guest
Please note: Priority Pass in India will attract charges on your Credit Card. Click here to know more. You can visit www.prioritypass.com for list of lounge details.
To know about your lounge access history
Please write a mail to pp@prioritypass.com.hk. Please provide name, complete 18 digit Priority Pass number and state that PP Membership is via HDFC Bank program. If there is more than 1 Priority Pass number (belonging to add-on PP holders), then please provide all the PP Numbers.
C. International Lounge Access - RuPay
4 Complimentary Lounge Access per calendar year (1 per Quarter), outside India. Customers will be charged a transaction fee of $3.25 on their Credit card towards complimentary lounge access, same shall be reversed. Visit exceeding the complimentary quota will be allowed at the discretion of lounge and will also be chargeable by the lounge.
Click here to check for list of RuPay International Lounges
View More
Welcome Benefits
Get 1,499 NeuCoins on Tata Neu App (as reversal of 1st Year Membership Fees), applicable on 1st Transaction done within 30 days of card issuance and will be available to claim inside Tata Neu App within 60 days of such transaction.
Note: For eligible customers, option to claim the Welcome Benefit will be available inside Tata Neu App for 180 days from statement date of the eligible transaction. The validity of the NeuCoins given against Welcome Benefit will be 365 days from the claim date.
Welcome Benefit is not applicable on Lifetime Free and First Year Free Cards. For detailed Terms and conditions Click here
View More
Insurance Benefits
Accidental air death cover worth ₹1 Crore
Emergency overseas hospitalization: up to ₹15 lakhs
Lost Card Liability Cover : Up to ₹9 lakhs
Click Here to update your nominee details.
Click here for details.
View More
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
1% fuel surcharge waiver at all fuel stations across India
(on minimum transaction of ₹400 & maximum transaction of ₹5,000. Maximum waiver of ₹500 per statement cycle)
View More
Renewal Offer
Spend ₹3,00,000 or more in a year, before your Credit Card renewal date and get your renewal fee waived off.
Wondering if you are eligible?
Salaried
Nationality: Indian
Age: 21 – 60 years
Income (Monthly) - ₹1,00,000
Self-Employed
Nationality: Indian
Age: 21 – 65 years
Annual ITR > ₹12,00,000
Save up to ₹1,21,779 * annually
Get extraordinary rewards with savings of more than a month on your spends......
Apply Now
Documents required to get you started
Identity Proof
Passport
Aadhaar card
Voter ID
Driver's licence
PAN card
Passport size photographs
Address Proof
Aadhaar card
Passport
Utility bills (electricity, water, gas)
Rental agreement
Bank statement
Income Proof
Salary slips (recent)
Form 16
Income Tax Returns (ITR)
Bank Statements
Apply Now in 3 Easy Steps:
Online application process:
Step 1 - Provide & validate your Phone Number & Date of Birth/PAN
Step 2- Confirm your details
Step 3- Select your Card
Step 4- Submit & Receive your Card*
*In certain cases, uploading documents and completing video KYC might be required.
Check Eligibility
Know more about the card
Credit Card Management & Controls
Fees & Charges
NeuCoins Redemption
NeuCoins Validity
Additional Features
Contactless Payment
Revolving Credit
Most Important Terms and Conditions
Application Channels
Credit Card Management & Controls
Netbanking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card through NetBanking, follow these steps:
1. Log in to HDFC Bank NetBanking using your Customer ID.
2. Go to the Cards Tab >Select the card > Click Manage card>Manage Domestic and International Limits.
3. You will be able to view your existing daily domestic and international usage limits.
4. Enable or disable Online, Contactless, and International usage based on your preference.
5. Click ‘Update’, enter the OTP received on your registered mobile number, and then click ‘Continue’.
6. Your selected card controls will be updated instantly.
Mobile Banking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card conveniently through our HDFC Bank MobileBanking App, follow these steps:
1. Open the HDFC Bank MobileBanking App and log in using your credentials.
2. Go to the ‘Cards’ section from the menu.
3. Select the HDFC Bank Credit Card for which you want to enable card controls.
4. Click ‘Manage Limits’, then enable/disable transaction types such as Online Transactions, Contactless Payments, and International Usage, or set transaction limits according to your preference.
5. Click ‘Update’ to confirm your changes and enter your MPIN. The updated card control settings will be applied instantly.
For more detailed management, you can also use our MyCards platform at https://mycards.hdfc.bank.in/ which offers a seamless experience without the need for passwords or downloads.
MyCards
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card via MyCards, follow these steps:
1. Visit the MyCards portal- https://mycards.hdfc.bank.in/ on your desktop or mobile.
2. Log in using your registered mobile number and the OTP received.
3. For first-time users, enter the last four digits of your card.
4. On the card homepage, click the ‘Card Control’ tab.
5. Enable/disable features such as Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, International Usage, and set usage limits as per your preference.
6. Confirm your settings, and the changes will be applied instantly.
PayZapp
You can conveniently enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card through PayZapp by following these steps:
1. Open the PayZapp app and log in using your credentials.
2. On the homepage, tap the ‘MyCards’ tab> Select ‘Go to MyCards’.
3. Log in using your registered mobile number and the OTP sent to your mobile.
4. If you are a first-time user, enter the last four digits of your HDFC Bank Credit Card.
5. On the card homepage, tap the ‘Card Control’ tab.
6. Enable or disable features such as Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, and International Usage, or set usage limits according to your preference.
7. Confirm your settings. The updated card control settings will be applied instantly.
WhatsApp Banking
To enable card controls for your HDFC Bank Credit Card using WhatsApp Banking, follow the steps given below:
1. Add HDFC Bank’s official WhatsApp number – 7070022222 – to your contacts.
2. Send the text "Credit Card" to this number.
3. You will receive a reply with options. Choose the option “Manage My Card”
4. You will receive a reply with options to select “Domestic / International/ Enhance limits”
5. Choose the option you want to enable, such as Domestic Online Transactions, Contactless Transactions, or International Transactions.
6. Enter the transaction limit you want to set. An OTP will be sent to your registered mobile number. Enter the OTP to confirm the change.
7. Enter the last 4 digits of your Credit Card number.
8. The current status of the selected transaction type will be shown as Enabled.
IVR
To enable or modify your HDFC Bank Credit Card controls and transaction limits, you can contact HDFC Bank's toll-free numbers:
Toll-free numbers : 1800 1600 or 1800 2600 (available from 8 am to 8 pm)
For overseas travel assistance : 022-61606160
By contacting our toll-free numbers, you can enable/modify limits for Domestic, International, Online, Contactless, ATM, and POS transactions on your Debit or Credit Card.
Fees & Charges
Joining/Renewal Membership Fee – ₹1,499/- + Applicable Taxes
Spend ₹3,00,000 or more in a year, before your Credit Card renewal date and get your renewal fee waived off.
If applicable, the Joining Fees will be levied on 120th day of the card issuance and Renewal Fees will be levied every year at the start of every anniversary year.
Click here to view details of the Fees and Charges on Tata Neu Infinity HDFC Bank Credit Card .
Click Here for Card Member Agreement
Limited period Life Time Free Offer (applicable only for the applications applied via Bank’s digital platform & physical applications between 1st Oct’24 to 31st Dec’24)
Life Time Free offer on Tata Neu HDFC Bank Credit Cards is valid for cards applied from 1st Oct’24 to 31st Dec’24 via Bank’s digital platform & physical applications during the offer period.
LTF conversion will be done for all eligible customers within 90 days from card open date.
This offer is NOT applicable for existing customers.
Life Time Free/First Year Free cardholders are not eligible for Welcome Benefit.
HDFC Bank reserves the right, at any time, without prior notice and without assigning any reason whatsoever, to add/alter/modify/change or vary all of these terms and conditions or to replace, wholly or in part, this offer by another offer, whether similar to this offer or not, or to extend or withdraw it altogether.
NeuCoins Redemption
You can use your NeuCoins for purchases on Tata Neu /Website for Brands like:
Air India Express
Bigbasket
Croma, Westside.
Tata CLiQ, Tata CLiQ Luxury
Hotel Bookings/Purchases on IHCL
TATA 1MG
Qmin
Titan and Tanishq (only via Tata Neu)
You can use your NeuCoins by selecting Tata Pay/ NeuCoins /Loyalty Redemption as the payment method.
NeuCoins can only be used on eligible transactions as defined by the individual brands.
For offline redemption of NeuCoins on selected stores kindly refer FAQs
Note:
Your monthly statement will give breakup of NeuCoins as following:
NeuCoins accrued and available with the Bank
NeuCoins transferred to Tata Neu during the Statement Cycle
On periodic basis (within 7 working days of the statement generation) the NeuCoins will be transferred to Tata Neu by the Bank.
NeuCoins transferred to Tata Neu will be available for redemption on Tata Neu App.
For detailed Terms and conditions Click here
NeuCoins Validity
Starting 01-Aug-25, NeuCoins earned on your Tata Neu HDFC Bank Credit Card will have a validity of 12 months (including lock period) from the end of the month in which they're credited to your Tata Neu Account. Example:
If NeuCoins are credited on 05-Aug-25, they will be valid until 31-Aug-26.
If NeuCoins are credited on 31-Aug-25, they will be valid until 31-Aug-26.
Validity of Existing NeuCoins balance
Non-Promotional NeuCoins: The validity of your existing balance of Non-Promotional NeuCoins (earned before 01-Aug-25) will be set as 31-Jul-26 in your Tata Neu Account, this activity will start from Jul’25 and will be completed by Aug’25 in a phased manner.
Promotional NeuCoins/Welcome Benefit: NeuCoins earned during special promotions or as Welcome Benefit will continue to follow the expiry terms communicated at the time of issuance.
For details on Redemption and Validity on NeuCoins, please click here
Additional Features
Interest-free Credit Period
Get up to 50 days of interest-free Credit from the date of purchase. (subject to submission of the charge by the Merchant)
Smart EMI
Option to convert big spends into EMI after purchase available on Tata Neu Plus HDFC Bank Credit Card. ( Click here to know more)
Zero Cost Card Liability
Available on any fraudulent transactions made on your Credit Card if reported immediately to HDFC Bank’s 24-hour Call Centre.
Contactless Payment
Tata Neu Infinity HDFC Bank Credit Card is enabled* for Contactless Payments at retail outlets.
(Note: In India, payment through contactless mode is allowed for a maximum of ₹5,000 for a single transaction where you are not asked to input your Credit Card PIN. However, if the amount is higher than or equal to ₹5,000, the Card holder must enter the Credit Card PIN for security reasons. You may check for the Contactless Network Symbol on your card.)
Revolving Credit
Available at a nominal interest rate on your Tata Neu Infinity HDFC Bank Credit Card. Please refer to Fees and Charges section to know more.
Most Important Terms and Conditions
Click here to view detailed TERMS & CONDITIONS on Tata Neu Infinity HDFC Bank Credit Card.
Click here to view details of Fees and Charges/MITC on Tata Neu Infinity HDFC Bank Credit Card.
Click Here for Card Member Agreement
Click here to access all important links related to your Credit Card.
Application Channels
You can choose any of the following easy options to apply for your HDFC Bank Credit Card:
1. Website
You can quickly apply online by clicking here .
2. HDFC Bank Branch
Prefer a face-to-face interaction? Just visit your nearest branch and our staff will help you with the application.
Types of Credit Card
Credit Card
Travel Credit Card
Rewards Credit Card
Lifestyle Credit Card
Premium & Super
Premium Credit Card
Credit Card Services
Credit Card Netbanking
Credit Card Limit
Enhancement
Credit Card Upgrade
Track Your Credit Card
Other Credit Card Services
Credit Card Important Links
MyCards
Redeem Reward Points
Credit Card Bill Payment
Loan On Credit Card
Credit Card EMI Calculator
Related Articles
Benefits of Credit Card
Difference Between
Credit Card & Debit Card
Airport Lounge Access Credit Card
How to make UPI Payments with Credit Card
How To Use Credit Card Wisely
Frequently Asked Questions
What are the benefits of Tata Neu Infinity Card?
The Tata Neu Infinity Credit Card comes with a host of benefits, including fuel surcharge waivers, annual fee waivers based on spending thresholds, and various insurance benefits. Cardholders can also earn reward points on eligible transactions, enhancing their overall financial experience with Tata Neu Infinity. It's advisable to review the specific terms and conditions for a comprehensive understanding of the benefits offered.
Click here to read more FAQs
Tata Neu Infinity Hdfc Bank Credit Card
Welcome Benefits
Tata Neu Benefits
1% Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Lounge Access
Apply Now