RuPay Platinum Credit Card | Apply Online - HSBC IN
Top of main content
Apply for a RuPay Platinum Card
Apply for a RuPay Platinum Card This link will open in a new window
HSBC RuPay Platinum Credit Card
Enjoy exciting rewards, exclusive perks and effortless payments with UPI.
Enjoy rewards and instant transfers with UPI
The HSBC RuPay Platinum Card gives you exceptional offers, rewards and privileges for your everyday spending – with no annual fee. Earn reward points and collect air miles from leading airlines – all at no extra expense.
Get started
Get started with your HSBC RuPay Platinum Credit Card application
Track credit card application
Track credit card application This link will open in a new window
Our welcome offers
Get INR500 cashback when you download and log on to the HSBC India Mobile Banking app and spend INR5,000 within 30 days of getting your card. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Get an INR250 Amazon eGift Voucher when you apply online, verify yourself by video and receive your card. T&Cs apply .
Enjoy 2-months EazyDiner membership when you activate your RuPay credit card. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Plus, get INR250 cashback when you link your card to UPI and make 2 transactions of INR250 or more within 30 days of getting your card. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Choose our RuPay Platinum Credit Card to enjoy
No joining and annual fees
Get your credit card without paying any joining or annual fees.
UPI integration
Link your credit card to UPI apps and enjoy easy direct payments with your card.
Fuel surcharge waiver
Make annual savings of up to INR3,000 on fuel surcharges with our credit card waiver.[@fuel-surcharge-waiver]
International access
Use ATMs and make payments in o<version> countries and regions around the world, powered by the JCB network.
The card that rewards you for spending
Earn reward points when you spend
Spend on the things you love and get rewarded
Earn 2 reward points for every INR150 you spend with your card
Instantly convert your reward points to air miles and hotel loyalty points in the HSBC India Mobile Banking app
Discover more about the Reward programme
Make instant UPI payments
Enjoy quick, convenient and rewarding UPI payments, powered by your HSBC RuPay Platinum Credit Card.
Make hassle-free payments anytime, anywhere with HSBC SimplyPay and other UPI apps
Make payments, quickly and securely, whenever you want
Make payments using a QR code, mobile number, virtual payment address or account number with IFSC code
Earn reward points on credit card-linked UPI payments
Discover HSBC SimplyPay
Get even more from your card
Savings on dining and movies with District by Zomato
Save 10% on dining, activities and shopping, and enjoy movies on the big screen for less with buy-one-get-one cinema tickets. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Get exclusive discounts and offers with RuPay
Save on shopping, dinning and more with a range of offers and discounts exclusively for RuPay cardholders. Learn more about RuPay offers .
Save on grocery deliveries with Swiggy Instamart
Enjoy 10% off on orders of INR500 and above (max discount INR200), using coupon code HSBCRUPAY. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Enjoy discounts and ofers around the world with the JCB network
Access global discounts, offers and experiences with your JCB network-enabled RuPay credit card. View JCB network offers .
Cleartrip
Get discounts up to INR6,000 on flights and hotels via Cleartrip. Use coupon code HSBCRPCC for full swipe transactions and HSBCRPEMI for EMI transactions. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Enjoy money off your bills with Paytm
Use promo code HSBCRUPAY to get 5% off transactions of INR299 or more on mobile (prepaid and postpaid), broadband, DTH, water bills, gas cylinders, piped gas bills, FASTag and electricity bills (max discount INR150). T&Cs apply (PDF) .
What you need to know
Are you eligible?
To apply, you must:
Be aged between 18 to 65 years old for salaried individuals, or 25 to 65 years old for self-employed individuals
Have a minimum income of INR600,000 per year for salaried individuals or INR12,00,000 per year for self-employed individuals
Be an Indian resident
Reside in Chennai, Gurgaon, Delhi National Capital Region (NCR), Pune, Noida, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Kochi, Coimbatore, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Amritsar, Baroda, Indore, Lucknow, Nagpur or Surat
Important documents
Most Important Terms & Conditions (PDF)
Most Important Terms & Conditions (PDF) Download
Service Guide (PDF)
Service Guide (PDF) Download
RuPay FAQ (PDF)
RuPay FAQ (PDF) Download
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF)
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF) Download
Apply online and get an Amazon e-voucher
Apply online
Apply for your card online and complete your application and Video KYC (VKYC) to get an Amazon eGift Card worth INR250.
T&Cs apply .
Apply now
Apply now for your HSBC RuPay Platinum Credit Card This link will open in a new window
Contact us
It's usually quickest to apply online, but if you prefer to speak to someone about your application, call us or visit your nearest branch.
Get in touch
Frequently asked questions
What is an HSBC RuPay credit card?
RuPay was developed to offer an affordable, secure, and local alternative to international card networks like Visa and Mastercard. It combines the words 'Rupee' and 'Payment' to show it comes from India.
HSBC RuPay credit cards can be used online, in store, and at ATMs all over India. They can also be linked to a UPI ID, to enable safe and secure instant payments.
How do I use my RuPay credit card for UPI?
To get started, add your HSBC RuPay credit card to the HSBC SimplyPay app, or any third-party UPI app.
How to add your RuPay card in the HSBC SimplyPay app:
Open your SimplyPay app
Open ‘My account’ in the menu
Select ‘Add account’
How to add your RuPay card in a third-party app:
Open your UPI app
Search for HSBC Bank in the Bank list
Select your HSBC RuPay credit card, then ‘Confirm’
Set your 6-digit UPI PIN
Start using your credit card on UPI apps
For more information about HSBC SimplyPay, visit HSBC SimplyPay .
Can I use my HSBC RuPay credit card internationally?
Yes, you can make transactions in around 160 countries and regions worldwide through the JCB network.
You might also be interested in
HSBC SimplyPay app
Pay bills and send money to family and friends quickly and securely with UPI.
HSBC RuPay Cashback Credit Card
Earn cashback and enjoy exciting rewards, exclusive perks and effortless payments with UPI.
HSBC Visa Platinum Credit Card
The credit card that brings you the best of the best with exciting rewards and exclusive privileges.
Notes
Verify yourself by video terms and conditions
This Offer ('Offer') is brought to you by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India ('Bank') and is made available on the website amazon.in or mobile site or mobile application thereof (collectively, ' Amazon.in ') by Amazon Pay (India) Private Limited ('Amazon') and any participation is voluntary.
Offer Terms and Conditions ('Offer Terms') are in addition to the amazon.in 'Conditions of Use & Sale' and 'Privacy Notice' to which you agree to, by using amazon.in and Terms and Conditions of HSBC Credit Cards (PDF) . In the event of any conflict between the Conditions of Use & Sale and these Offer Terms, these Offer Terms will prevail, only for the purposes of this Offer.
This Amazon eGift Voucher offer is provided by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India (HSBC) to Resident Indian customers (hereinafter referred to as 'credit card applicant') who have participated in the offer. Each qualifying credit card applicant who has completed Video KYC (VKYC) and has got the credit card approved and issued is entitled to an Amazon eGift Voucher of INR250 (Offer).
This offer is valid only on online applications and upon successful completion of the Video KYC (VKYC) and issuance of the credit card, during the offer period 1 January 2026 to 31 October 2026.
This is a limited period Offer and HSBC in its sole discretion reserves the right to alter, modify, change or vary all or any of these terms and conditions or to replace, wholly or in part, this Offer by another Offer, whether similar to this Offer or not, or to withdraw it altogether at any point in time by providing appropriate intimation to the Cardholder.
The Amazon eGift Voucher (WinPin code) will be sent to your email ID provided in the online credit card application, within 45 days of end of the offer i.e. 15 December 2026.
All decisions with respect to the Offer shall be at the sole discretion of HSBC and the same shall be final, binding and non-contestable. Other than the specific entitlements available to the Cardholders under this Offer, any other claims with regard to this Offer against HSBC are waived.
Credit card applicants are not bound in any way to participate in this Offer. Any participation is voluntary and the Offer is being made purely on a best effort basis.
Nothing herein amounts to a commitment by the Bank or Amazon to conduct further, similar or other Offers.
Issuance of the credit card is at the sole discretion of the Bank and is subject to the Bank's internal approval norms.
By participating in this Offer, every credit card applicant expressly agrees that Bank and Amazon will not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever that a Cardholder may suffer, directly or indirectly, in connection with the Offer including but not limited to that associated with his/her use or delivery or misuse of the Product(s). The existence of any dispute shall not, by itself, constitute any claim against HSBC.
The Bank does not make any warranties or representations as to the quality, merchantability, suitability or availability of the product and services offered under these Offers. Any dispute regarding these must be addressed in writing, by the Cardholder, directly to Amazon.
Prior to using the Amazon website and/or the mobile app, the Cardholder should refer, read, understand, accept and agree to the user agreement and Terms and Conditions of the said website and the mobile app, and proceed only if the Cardholder agrees to abide by the same. The Cardholder will be required to give personal information and other details online. The Cardholder should read and understand the privacy policy of the website and the mobile site, prior to providing any such information. Any disclosure of information made by the Cardholder towards availing of or fulfilment of the Offer is at the sole discretion of the Cardholder and the Bank shall not be responsible for the same. Amazon may use the personal information shared by the Cardholder for any other purpose (like marketing, etc.) and the Bank will not be held liable for such usage of personal information by Amazon Products offered under this Offer are subject to availability with Amazon and HSBC will not be liable for non-availability of any of the products.
The Offer is subject to force majeure events.
These Offer Terms are governed by the laws of India and the courts at Mumbai will have exclusive jurisdiction over any matters/disputes arising out of or in relation to these Offer Terms.
Any person availing this Offer will be deemed to have accepted these Offer Terms.
Voucher Terms and Conditions:
The eGift Voucher is valid for a period of 6 months from the date of issuance.
eGift Voucher cannot be reloaded, resold, transferred for value or redeemed for cash.
eGift Voucher cannot be used to purchase other gift card.
eGift Voucher cannot be used on any of the partner sites.
eGift Voucher cannot be used to purchase any other type of digital content such as apps.
eGift Voucher cannot be transferred from one account to another once the claim code has been added.
Amazon may change (add to, delete, or amend) these terms from time to time. Unless stated otherwise, the changes will apply to any new Amazon eGift Voucher that are for personal, non-commercial use and enjoyment only. The same may be shared with family and friends, but may not be advertised, sold or used as promotional items by the purchaser or anyone else without Amazon's prior written consent.
Amazon eGift Voucher cannot be replaced, refunded or revalued. It cannot be exchanged for points or cash and cannot be re-validated.
HSBC does not make any warranties or representations as to the quality, merchantability, suitability or availability of the products or services offered under this Offer. Any dispute regarding delivery, service, suitability, merchantability, availability or quality of the products/services availed under this Offer must be addressed in writing, by the customer directly to amazon.in
Tax liability, if any, will be borne by the Cardholder.
By using the eGift Voucher, the Cardholders shall be deemed to have accepted all the aforementioned Terms and Conditions in totality.
Back to top
Connect with us
Here's an easy way to share your thoughts, stay informed and join the conversation. Follow us:
HSBC India Instagram Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Facebook Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Twitter Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Youtube Account This link will open in a new window