HSBC TravelOne Credit Card | Travel Credit Card - HSBC IN
Top of main content
HSBC TravelOne Credit Card
Instant reward redemption with an extensive selection of airline and hotel partners.
Apply for TravelOne
Apply for TravelOne This link will open in a new window
Unlock a world of travel freedom
Unlock instant travel rewards and elevated travel experiences everywhere you go with our TravelOne card, and enjoy benefits worth up to INR1.6 lakhs a year.
Apply now
Apply now to unlock a world of travel freedom
Track credit card application
Track credit card application This link will open in a new window
Explore our benefit calculator (PDF)
Explore our benefit calculator (PDF) Download
Welcome rewards
Download and log on to the HSBC India Mobile Banking app and spend INR25,000 within the first 30 days of opening your credit card account to get:
INR1,000 cashback
INR3,000 PostCard voucher
3 months' EazyDiner Prime Membership
Introductory offer terms and conditions (PDF) apply.
Open up a world of elevated travel
Earn accelerated points
Earn double reward points on spending on flights, travel aggregators and foreign currency transactions.[@travelone-accelerated-points]
Instant redemption
The first HSBC credit card to offer instant redemptions with an extensive selection of airline and hotel partners, all within the convenience of your mobile app.
Travel privileges
Enjoy complimentary airport lounge visits, holiday, car hire and lifestyle discounts, and more.
Split flexibly
Spread the cost of your purchases across a term to suit you with HSBC Instalment Plans.
Spend, earn, and go further
Earn points and redeem them instantly
Be spoilt for choice with instant miles and hotel points redemption across major airline and hotel partners.
Earn 4 reward points for every INR100 spent on flights, travel aggregators and in foreign currency[@travelone-accelerated-points]
Get 2 reward points for every INR100 spent on anything else, with no cap[@reward-points-exclusions]
Earn 10,000 bonus reward points when you spend more than INR1,200,000 a year. T&Cs apply (PDF)
Get even more reward points with additional cards[@add-on-cards-rewards-cap]
Instantly convert Reward points to Air Miles 1 to 1 in the app
Find out how to redeem instantly
Travel in style
Save 15% on domestic and international holiday Bookings at Yatra, EaseMyTrip, PayTM Travel and ClearTrip
Save up to 20% at select duty free stores in India
Save when booking your getaway at StayVista
Enjoy Mastercard World Platform benefits, such as complimentary golf, holiday discounts and more
Put your mind at ease
Get up to USD20,000 purchase protection every year. Know more (PDF)
Get 6 local and 4 international airport lounge visits every year[@lounge-list-travelone].
Enjoy discounts on movies, events and dining with the Zomato app
Your TravelOne Credit Card also gives you
Exclusive privileges at The Bicester Collection Villages
Enjoy access to eVIP pass discounts, hands-free shopping, sale events and reserved parking. Register [@bicester-village]
15% off flights and hotel bookings with Yatra
Save on international and domestic flights and hotels when you book through the Yatra app or website. Use promo code: HSBCTRAVEL1. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
15% off international and domestic flights with EaseMyTrip
Save on international and domestic flights and hotels when you book through the EaseMyTrip app or website. Use promo code: EMTHSBCT1. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
15% off international and domestic flights with Paytm
Save on international and domestic flights when you book through the Paytm app or website. Use promo code: HSBCTRAVEL. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
15% off international and domestic flights with Cleartrip
Save on international and domestic flights when you book through the ClearTrip app or website. Use promo code: CTHSBCTRAVELONE. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Up to 30% off on dining with EazyDiner
Get unparalleled dining offers with 30% off your bill (up to INR1,000) with EazyDiner. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
11% off hotel bookings with StayVista
Stay for less when you make a hotel booking through the StayVista website (max 2 bookings per card per year; max saving per booking INR3,000). Use promo code: HSBCTRAVEL. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Savings on movies and events with the District app by Zomato
Enjoy up to 10% off events with promo code HSBCTOEVENTS, and dining with promo code HSBCTODINING. Plus, buy 1 movie ticket and get 1 free twice a month with promo code HSBCTOMOV. T&Cs apply(PDF) .
Up to 20% off duty-free with AdaniOne
Save 20%, up to INR3,000, on their app or website when you spend INR8,000 or more, once per card per year. Just use promo code: HSBCTRAVELONE. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Access to the top golf courses in India
Enjoy 4 complimentary rounds of golf and 12 complimentary lessons per calendar year (max 1 per calendar month). Plus, get 50% off your green fees for additional rounds. T&Cs apply .
Up to 15% off on flights and more with Goibibo
Save on international and domestic flights, hotels and homestays when you book through the Goibibo app or website. Use promo code: GOHSBCTRAVEL1. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Who can apply?
To apply, you must:
Be aged between 18 to 65 years old for salaried individuals, or 25 to 65 years old for self-employed individuals
Have a minimum income of INR600,000 per year for salaried individuals or INR12,00,000 per year for self-employed individuals
Be an Indian resident
Reside in Chennai, Gurgaon, Delhi National Capital Region (NCR), Pune, Noida, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Kochi, Coimbatore, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Amritsar, Baroda, Indore, Lucknow, Nagpur or Surat
What documents do I need to apply?
The latest salary slip, if you're a salaried employee, AND
Proof of residence, identity proof, and your permanent account number (PAN) card
Please note that this list is for reference purposes only. Additional documents may be requested from you during the credit card application process.
Fees and charges
The joining fee when you take out a new card is INR4,999.
Afterwards, the annual fee is INR4,999, or free if you spend more than INR 800,000 a year.
Important documents
Most Important Terms and Conditions (PDF, 221KB)
Most Important Terms and Conditions (PDF, 221KB) Download
TravelOne Card Service Guide (PDF, 944KB)
TravelOne Card Service Guide (PDF, 944KB) Download
Introductory Offer Terms and Conditions (PDF)
Introductory Offer Terms and Conditions (PDF) Download
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF)
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF) Download
Get started
Apply online
When you apply online and complete your application with video self-verification, you'll be eligible for an Amazon eGift Voucher worth INR250. T&Cs apply .
Apply now
Apply now to be eligible for the Amazon eGift voucher This link will open in a new window
Contact us
It's usually quickest to apply online, but if you prefer to speak to someone about your application, call us or visit your nearest branch.
Get in touch
You might also be interested in
Instant EMI
Repay your purchases with your HSBC credit card in equated monthly instalments so you can pay your bill at your convenience.
Cash on Equated Monthly Instalments (EMI)
Convert the limit on your credit card into cash and repay in equated monthly instalments.
Credit card offers
Explore the latest offers for our credit card customers, with discounts on shopping, dining and more.
Notes
Verify yourself by video - terms and conditions
This Offer ('Offer') is brought to you by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India ('Bank') and is made available on the website amazon.in or mobile site or mobile application thereof (collectively, ' Amazon.in ) by Amazon Pay (India) Private Limited ('Amazon') and any participation is voluntary.
Offer Terms and Conditions ('Offer Terms') are in addition to the amazon.in 'Conditions of Use & Sale' and 'Privacy Notice' to which you agree to, by using amazon.in and Terms and Conditions of HSBC Credit Cards . In the event of any conflict between the Conditions of Use & Sale and these Offer Terms, these Offer Terms will prevail, only for the purposes of this Offer.
This Amazon eGift Voucher offer is provided by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India (HSBC) to Resident Indian customers (hereinafter referred to as 'credit card applicant') who have participated in the offer. Each qualifying credit card applicant who has completed Video KYC (VKYC) and has got the credit card approved and issued is entitled to an Amazon eGift Voucher of INR250 (Offer).
This offer is valid only on online applications and upon successful completion of the Video KYC (VKYC) and issuance of the credit card, during the offer period from 1 January 2026 to 31 October 2026.
This is a limited period Offer and HSBC in its sole discretion reserves the right to alter, modify, change or vary all or any of these terms and conditions or to replace, wholly or in part, this Offer by another Offer, whether similar to this Offer or not, or to withdraw it altogether at any point in time by providing appropriate intimation to the Cardholder.
The Amazon eGift Voucher (WinPin code) will be sent to your email ID provided in the online credit card application, within 45 days of end of the offer i.e. 15 December 2026.
All decisions with respect to the Offer shall be at the sole discretion of HSBC and the same shall be final, binding and non-contestable. Other than the specific entitlements available to the Cardholders under this Offer, any other claims with regard to this Offer against HSBC are waived.
Credit card applicants are not bound in any way to participate in this Offer. Any participation is voluntary and the Offer is being made purely on a best effort basis.
Nothing herein amounts to a commitment by the Bank or Amazon to conduct further, similar or other Offers.
Issuance of the credit card is at the sole discretion of the Bank and is subject to the Bank's internal approval norms.
By participating in this Offer, every credit card applicant expressly agrees that Bank and Amazon will not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever that a Cardholder may suffer, directly or indirectly, in connection with the Offer including but not limited to that associated with his/her use or delivery or misuse of the Product(s). The existence of any dispute shall not, by itself, constitute any claim against HSBC.
The Bank does not make any warranties or representations as to the quality, merchantability, suitability or availability of the product and services offered under these Offers. Any dispute regarding these must be addressed in writing, by the Cardholder, directly to Amazon.
Prior to using the Amazon website and/or the mobile app, the Cardholder should refer, read, understand, accept and agree to the user agreement and Terms and Conditions of the said website and the mobile app, and proceed only if the Cardholder agrees to abide by the same. The Cardholder will be required to give personal information and other details online. The Cardholder should read and understand the privacy policy of the website and the mobile site, prior to providing any such information. Any disclosure of information made by the Cardholder towards availing of or fulfilment of the Offer is at the sole discretion of the Cardholder and the Bank shall not be responsible for the same. Amazon may use the personal information shared by the Cardholder for any other purpose (like marketing, etc.) and the Bank will not be held liable for such usage of personal information by Amazon Products offered under this Offer are subject to availability with Amazon and HSBC will not be liable for non-availability of any of the products.
The Offer is subject to force majeure events.
These Offer Terms are governed by the laws of India and the courts at Mumbai will have exclusive jurisdiction over any matters/disputes arising out of or in relation to these Offer Terms.
Any person availing this Offer will be deemed to have accepted these Offer Terms.
Voucher Terms and Conditions:
The eGift Voucher is valid for a period of 6 months from the date of issuance.
eGift Voucher cannot be reloaded, resold, transferred for value or redeemed for cash.
eGift Voucher cannot be used to purchase other gift card.
eGift Voucher cannot be used on any of the partner sites.
eGift Voucher cannot be used to purchase any other type of digital content such as apps.
eGift Voucher cannot be transferred from one account to another once the claim code has been added.
Amazon may change (add to, delete, or amend) these terms from time to time. Unless stated otherwise, the changes will apply to any new Amazon eGift Voucher that are for personal, non-commercial use and enjoyment only. The same may be shared with family and friends, but may not be advertised, sold or used as promotional items by the purchaser or anyone else without Amazon's prior written consent.
Amazon eGift Voucher cannot be replaced, refunded or revalued. It cannot be exchanged for points or cash and cannot be re-validated.
HSBC does not make any warranties or representations as to the quality, merchantability, suitability or availability of the products or services offered under this Offer. Any dispute regarding delivery, service, suitability, merchantability, availability or quality of the products/services availed under this Offer must be addressed in writing, by the customer directly to amazon.in
Tax liability, if any, will be borne by the Cardholder.
By using the eGift Voucher, the Cardholders shall be deemed to have accepted all the aforementioned Terms and Conditions in totality.
Back to top
Connect with us
Here's an easy way to share your thoughts, stay informed and join the conversation. Follow us:
HSBC India Instagram Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Facebook Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Twitter Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Youtube Account This link will open in a new window