MOST IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS (MITC)
To get the complete version, please visit www.hsbc.co.in
1. FEES AND CHARGES
a. Joining fees
• Joining fee for Cashback Primary Cardholder is `999 and NIL for all variants
• Joining fee for add-on cardholder(s) is NIL for all variants
b. Annual membership fees
Annual membership fees are applicable on the primary and add-on credit card(s). These fees
cardholder.
These fees, including fees for any add-on cardholder(s), as applicable, are charged to the
cardholders credit card account on issuance/renewal and the same would be reflected in the
monthly credit card statement of the month in which it is charged.
No refund of fees will be available, if the credit card is terminated. Current charges are
c. Cash advance fees
The cardholder has access to cash, round the clock, at HSBC/Visa ATMs in India and overseas.
A transaction fee of 2.5% of the transaction amount (subject to a minimum of `500) would be
levied on all such transactions at the time of posting of the cash advance and would be billed to
the cardholder in the next monthly statement. The transaction fee is subject to change at the
sole discretion of HSBC. Cash advance transactions are also subject to a finance charge at the
prevailing rate calculated on daily outstanding balances from the date of withdrawal. The
finance charge will be debited to the credit card account on the last day of the billing cycle.
d. Service charges levied for certain transactions
• Fees and charges, as may be applicable from time to time, are payable by the cardholders for
specific services provided to the cardholder or for defaults committed by the cardholder with
reference to his/her card account
•
• Please be advised that applicable Indirect Taxes including GST would be recovered on all our
fees and charges and any other amount liable to tax under prevailing Indirect Tax HSBC
Maharashtra GST No. - 27AAACT2786P3ZL
Address: 52/60, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001. HSN (Harmonised System
Nomenclature) Code: 997113 - Credit Card services
• I/We hereby declare that though our aggregate turnover in any preceding financial year from
2017-18 onwards is more than the aggregate turnover notified under sub-rule (4) of rule 48,
we are not required to prepare an invoice in terms of the provisions of the said sub-rule
• Late payment charge will be applicable, if minimum payment due is not paid within 3 days of
the payment due date
• Overlimit charges is applicable in the event of total outstandings exceeding the credit limit
assigned
Joining Fee
Cashback Primary Card `999
Platinum + Smart Value Credit Card NIL
Add-on-card NIL
Annual Fee
Platinum + Smart Value Credit Card NIL
Cashback Credit Card `
spends on the primary card is more than
`200,000 in the FY for which the annual
fee is charged)
minimum spends on the primary card is
more than `200,000 in the FY for which
the annual fee is charged)
Free credit period
Platinum + Smart Value Up to 48 days
Cashback Credit Card Up to 45 days
Please note that the free credit period is not
valid if any balance of the previous months’
bills are outstanding
Finance charges on extended credit
Platinum + Cashback Credit Card 3.49% per month (41.88%# per annum)
computed from the date of transaction
Smart Value Credit Card The interest rate on your card is dynamic
and can vary between 1.99%1 per month
(23.88%1 per annum) to 3.49% per
month (41.88%1 per annum) computed
from the date of transaction.
Rate of interest is subject to the Bank’s
periodic review and will be decided based
on your performance on existing HSBC
products and information related to other
lending products, received from the credit
bureau.
Please note:
(1) While the upward or downward
revision of interest rate will be intimated
to the customer in current billing cycle,
the new interest rate will be applicable
from next billing cycle.
(2) In case of a revision in the interest rate
as mentioned in Point (1) above, the
revised interest rate will be applicable
on any outstanding balance which is
carried forward from the previous billing
cycle.
Finance charges on cash advance and 3.49% per month (41.88%# per annum)
transactions in categories such as money computed from the date of transaction
transfer (wire transfer), foreign currency;
purchase, money orders, traveler cheques,
debt repayments, etc.
Minimum Payment Due Higher of `100 OR Sum of:
1. 100% of all Interest, Fees and Taxes
billed in the current statement
2. 100% of Equated Monthly Instalment
(EMI) amounts billed in the current
statement (if any)
3. Higher of (Past due*; Over limit amount
if any)
4. 1% of the billed statement balance
(excluding any EMI balance, fees,
interest and taxes billed)
*Past due refers to unpaid Minimum
Payment Due from theprevious cycle
Charge in case of bounced cheque, `500
dishonoured SI or unsuccessful payment
through NACH
Late payment fee (Charged if minimum Subject to a minimum of `250 and a
amount due does not reach HSBC within maximum of `1,200 per month
3 days of payment due date
Currency conversion charge 3.5% foreign currency transactions
Cash Payment Charge `100 (at HSBC Branches and Dropboxes)
Rental and related payments 1% processing fee plus the applicable taxes
Cash advance limit (against card account) As communicated in your credit monthly
card statement
Transaction fee for cash advances against 2.5% of transaction amount (subject to a
your credit card account at branches and minimum amount of `500)
ATMs
Transaction fee for cash withdrawal against 100 at ATMs overseas
your bank account at ATMs
Transaction fee for cash withdrawal against NIL
your bank account at non-HSBC ATMs in India
Overlimit fee `500
Balance transfer charges Rate of interest: 10.99% p.a. to 15.99%
p.a. across tenors, Processing fee: 1.5%
subject to a minimum of `200
Balance enquiry on the credit card at HSBC NIL
or other bank ATMs
*or as decided by the Bank from time to time.
Finance charges per month at the prevailing rate will also apply.
#
`200,000
in the FY for which the annual fee is charged.
If a 100% interest refund EMI plan is communicated by the merchant, the interest component pertaining
to the EMI will be charged by HSBC as applicable. However, the interest will be refunded as an upfront
discount/cashback by the merchant to the card/wallet as communicated at the time of the purchase.
Applicable taxes on interest charged by HSBC will be borne by the cardholder.
e. Interest free (grace) period
The Interest free credit period could range from 45 days (Cashback Card ) to 48 days (Platinum
+ Smart Value).
This means that a customer who has a billing date of 5th of the month can spend on his Card
from 6 May to 5 June, his bill will be generated on 5 June and his Payment Due Date will be
21 June (45 days for cashback card) and (24 June for Smart Value and Platinum cards).
This is applicable provided the credit card outstanding, as shown on monthly credit card
statement, is settled fully within 3 days (Grace Period) of payment due date. However, the
free credit period will not be applicable for cash advance transactions.
Please note that the free credit period is not valid if any balance of the previous month’s bill is
outstanding.
f. Finance charges
• Cardholders can avail of the ‘extended credit facility’ by paying the Minimum Payment Due
(MPD) indicated in the monthly credit card statement. The MPD is calculated as sum of
100% of all Interest, Fees and Taxes billed in the current statement and 100% of Equated
Monthly Instalment (EMI) amounts billed in the current statement (if any) and higher of (Past
due*; Over limit amount if any) and 1% of the billed statement balance (excluding any
EMI balance, fees, interest and taxes billed), subject to a minimum of `100 + Equated
Monthly Instalment* (EMI) amounts due (if any), subject to a minimum of `100. Interest will
be charged on the extended credit as per terms and conditions
• If Cardholders avail of the extended credit facility by paying an amount less than the
statement closing balance, the entire outstanding amount will attract a finance charge from
the respective date of transaction at the prevailing rate. All new transactions will also attract
a finance charge from the respective date of transaction
• All cash advance transactions will attract a finance charge at the prevailing rate from the
date of withdrawal, until the entire amount along with the charges are cleared
• Finance charges are computed from the date of transaction at 3.49% per month (41.88% per
annum) or at such modified rates as decided by the Bank from time to time
g. Finance Charge Illustration
Let’s say you purchase a watch for `1,200 on 01 March and a necklace for `800 on 10 March.
The following interest will be charged on your purchases:
Finance Illustration-1 for Platinum and Smart Value Card:
Outstanding due in the 20 March statement `2,000.00
Payment made on the due date of 04 April `100.00
Balance carried forward (revolved) `1,900.00
Interest calculations: (3.49% p.m.)
a) Interest on `1,200 for 38 days (from 01 March to 07 April) `53.00
b) Interest on `800 for 29 days (from 10 March to 07 April) `27.00
c) Interest on `1,900 for 13 days (from 08 April to 20 April) `29.00
Total interest charged in the 20 April statement `109.00
GST @ 18.00% on Interest `20.00
Outstanding due in 20 April statement `2,029.00
Finance Illustration-1 for Cashback Card
Outstanding due in the 20 March statement `2,000.00
Payment made on the due date of 04 April `100.00
Balance carried forward (revolved) `1,900.00
Interest calculations: (3.49% p.m.)
a) Interest on `1,200 for 35 days (from 01 March to 04 April) `48.00
b) Interest on `800 for 26 days (from 10 March to 4 April) `24.00
c) Interest on `1,900 for 15 days (from 05 April to 20 April) `35.00
Total interest charged in the 20 April statement `107.00
GST @ 18.00% on Interest `19.00
Outstanding due in 20 April statement `2,026.00
Making only the minimum payment every month would result in the repayment stretching
till the entire outstanding is settled and consequent payment on your outstanding
balance during this extended period.
Note: No refund of annual fee will be available if the credit card is terminated.
will notify you of any changes in the terms and conditions of this product with prior notice of 30
days.
Please be advised that applicable Indirect Taxes including Goods and Services Tax (GST) would
be recovered on all our fees and charges and any other amount liable to tax under prevailing
Indirect Tax Laws. The credit limit and cash withdrawal limit (20% of credit limit or as decided
by the Bank from time to time) are communicated to you in your monthly card statement. The
available credit limit is provided as part of the monthly card statement.
The Bank reserves its right to reduce the credit limit without any prior notice or intimation.
Usage of the credit card shall be deemed as acceptance of the credit limits granted from time to
time.
h. Late payment fee
Late payment fee (Charged if the minimum amount due is not credited in the card within 3 days
of payment due date) is 100% of the Minimum Payment Due (MPD) - Subject to minimum fees
of `250 and maximum fees of `1,200 per month.
Please note that the Late Payment Fees is levied only if the Minimum Payment Due is not paid
within 3 days of the due date.
Illustrative examples of how Late Payment Charges are calculated -
Assume you receive a statement for the period 16 October - 15 November, with a payment due
date of 07 December. Payment of Minimum Payment Due (MPD) is required to be received in
the card account within 3 days of payment due date (10 December) to ensure that no late
payment fees are levied. Late payment fees will be levied as per the illustration in the table given
below:
MPD Late Description
payment charges
`100 `250 100% of MPD i.e. on `100 is `100.
Since the minimum fee is `250, the late payment fee
levied will be `250.
`250 `250 100% of MPD i.e. on `250 is `250, hence the late
payment fees levied would be `250.
`500 `500 100% of MPD, i.e. `500 is `500, hence the late
payment fees levied would be `500.
`1,500 `1,200 100% of MPD, i.e. on `1,500 is `1,500. However since
maximum fee applicable is `1,200, the late payment
fee levied would be `1,200.
2. CREDIT LIMITS
1. The credit limit and cash withdrawal limit (Up to 20% of credit limit or as decided by the Bank
from time to time) are communicated to you in your monthly card statement. The a v a i l a b l e
credit limit is provided as part of the monthly statement. The Bank reserves its right to reduce
the credit limit. Usage of the card shall be deemed as acceptance of the credit limits granted
from time to time.
2. Credit limit means the limit up to which the Card Member is authorized to spend on his Credit
Card. This limit is specified in the mailer accompanying your HSBC Credit Card.
3. The credit limit approved on the account is shared between the primary cardholder and the add-
on Cardholders.
4. The available credit limit on your credit card account is the applicable credit limit less the ‘Total
Amount Due’.
The Cardholder should refer to the Bank to ascertain the available credit limit at any point in time
The available credit limit is also provided as part of the monthly statement. The Bank reserves its
right to reduce the credit limit. Usage of the card shall be deemed as acceptance of the credit
limits granted from time to time. In case the total outstanding exceeds the credit limit, all
purchases/cash transactions initiated beyond this limit will be declined till the credit card
account is funded fully or partly.
For certain transactions on the credit card, with an objective to enhance customer experience,
accounts will be allowed to transact higher than the credit limit (up-to 145% for Premier credit
cards and up-to 130% for non-premier credit cards), considering the bank’s internal policy and
risk assessment. These additional limits maybe revised from time-to-time and shall be suitably
amended in this section.
We may, for your convenience authorise transactions in certain circumstances above your total
credit limit. An OverLimit Charge as enumerated in the Tari of Charges section of the Most
Important Terms and Conditions shall be levied for such transactions which exceed your credit
limit. The Cardholder may apply for a review of his assigned credit limit at any time after six
months of satisfactory credit card operations.
3. BILLING AND PAYMENTS
Bank shall send statement by your preferred mode of delivering(Online/Physical) on your statement
date. You can further view the same on internet banking if not already received by the statement
date. Further customer can change the billing cycle by contacting the HSBC customer center)
a. Payments made to the Cardholders account will be settled in the following order:
1. Service charges*, 2. Interest/finance charges, 3. Late payment fee, 4. Annual fee, 5. Overlimit
fee, 6. Instalment handling fee, 7. Instalment processing fee, 8. Return cheque charges,
9. Insurance premium, 10. Principal**
*Service charges include the following:
• Cash Advance Fee, GST, Card Replacement Fee, Statement Reprint Fee, Balance Transfer
processing fee, Standing Instruction (SI) failed fee
**Principal - Includes purchase amount, Balance Transfer principal amount and cash withdrawn on
the credit card.
b. When the credit card account has an outstanding balance, HSBC will send a monthly itemised
statement of account at the mailing address indicating the payments credited and the
transactions debited to the cardholders account since the last statement. Non-receipt of the
statement would not aect the cardholders obligations and liabilities.
If the due date for payment of outstanding dues of your Card account falls on a Sunday/Public
holiday(s), the same shall have to be paid/debited on the next working day. Due and
applicable interest will be calculated inclusive of said Sunday/Public holiday(s) and shall be
payable by the Cardholder to the Bank.
c. Cardholders may choose to pay only the minimum payment due, as printed on the statement
and such payment should be sent within 3 days of payment due date, which is also printed on
the statement. If payment is made by cheque, the funds must be realised in the card account
within 3 days of the due date. The outstandings carried forward will attract a finance charge of
3.49% per month (41.88% per annum) or as decided by the Bank from time to time. Bank may
change the classification logic basis the regulatory guideline from time to time
d. Cardholders can choose from following modes of payment to settle monthly dues.
• Cheque/draft payment: The cheque/draft should be made payable to ‘HSBC A/c No. XXXX
XXXX XXXX XXXX (mention Cardholder’s 16-digit credit card number)
Cheque/draft payment can be submitted at:
• Drop-boxes at HSBC branches/ATMs in India (visit www.hsbc.co.in for a complete list of
branches and ATMs)
• Mail to The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Clearing Department, M
G Road, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001
• Cash payment: Cash payments can be made at any HSBC branch in India
• Standing instruction: If the Cardholder is an accountholder with HSBC, he/she can issue a
standing instruction for transferring funds from the cardholder’s HSBC account to the
credit card account
• Internet Banking: Cardholder can pay bills online conveniently by logging onto HSBC
Personal Internet Banking*
*Option available for HSBC accountholders only.
• NACH: Cardholders can make payment directly by authorising HSBC to debit a Cardholders
account with any bank. This facility is available only in Mumbai and Delhi
• National Electronic Funds Transfer (NEFT): You can make a payment towards your credit
card account via NEFT, mentioning the complete 16-digit credit card number
• ATM/PhoneBanking: Cardholder can access their account with HSBC through ATM/
PhoneBanking facility for making payments against credit card outstandings
PayU Payment Service
Pay HSBC Bank Credit Card bills online from any bank account through PayU Payment Service.
Transfer money from your bank account to your HSBC Credit Card online using the PayU facility,
a third party website with the URL https://securepayments.payu.in/hsbc-credit-card-payment.
Visit www.hsbc.co.in for the terms and conditions of the payment service through PayU.
e. Billing disputes resolution
• The Cardholder is deemed to have received each statement of account for the preceding
month, either on actual receipt of the statement of account or 10 days after the dispatch of
the statement of account by the Bank, whichever is earlier (prescribed period).
Upon receipt of each statement of account and in any event not more than 30 days from the
period mentioned above, the Cardholder agrees to immediately notify the Bank in writing of
any errors, omissions, irregularities, including any fraudulent or unauthorised transactions or
any other objections the cardholder has to that statement of account. If the Cardholder fails
to notify the Bank within 30 days, the statement of account and all entries therein, will be
conclusive evidence of the correctness of the contents and binding upon the Cardholder and/
or any person claiming under or through such Cardholder without the requirement for any
further proof and the Bank will be released from all liability for any transaction (including all
charges, damages and losses of any kind whatsoever, taxes, levies, fines, fees or penalties
suered and/or incurred) occurring up to the date of the most recent statement of account
except, for transactions the Cardholder gave notice of in accordance with this section
• For reporting billing discrepancies, Cardholders can either call the customer service centre
(numbers are provided on the reverse of the monthly statement or at www.hsbc.co.in) or
write to HSBC Credit Card Division, Dispute Desk, P. O. Box 5080, Chennai - 600 028
• If at any stage, you feel that our service levels are not up to your expectations, you may write
to Manager, Customer Care Centre, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
Limited, Rajalakshmi, No. 5 and 7, Cathedral Road, Chennai - 600 086
• Or you may contact our Customer Service Executive by visiting any of our branches or you
may contact our PhoneBanking Service Executives
•
Mr Willie Fernandez
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited NESCO - IT Park Bldg. 3, 9th Floor,
Nesco Complex, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 63
Contact number: 040-61268015/080-71898015 (Monday to Friday between 9:30 a.m. and
6:00 p.m.)
E-mail ID: HYPERLINK ‘mailto:complaints.india@hsbc.co.in’ complaints.india@hsbc.co.in
• For compensation for delay in redressal of grievances, delay in closing of account/blocking of lost or
stolen cards etc.visit https://www.hsbc.co.in/content/dam/hsbc/in/documents/compensation_policy.pdf
• To know more about the HSBC's grievance redressal mechanism, kindly visit our website at
www.hsbc.co.in/help/feedback-and-complaints/grievance-redressal-mechanism/non-demat-accounts/
• Time-period for reversal of unsuccessful/failed transactions on Credit Card is 15 Days on
POS/online/contactless transaction and 5 days for failed ATM transaction on Credit card. The
compensation payable for failure to meet the specified timeline in `100 per day of delay
4. DEFAULT
• In the event of default (if the minimum amount due is not paid by within 3 days of payment due
date or breach of any clause of the cardholder agreement), the cardholder will be sent reminders
from time to time for payment of any outstanding on credit card account, by post, fax,
telephone, e-mail, SMS messaging and/or through third parties appointed for collection
purposes to remind, follow-up and collect dues. Any third party so appointed, shall adhere to the
Indian Banks Association (IBA) code of conduct on debt collection
The bank will provide seven days’ notice period to such cardholder about the intention
to report him/her as defaulter to the Credit Information Company.
• Bank provides notice to the customer via bills/statements (physical or e-mail as per customer’s
preferred choice) to make payment on time so as to avoid being reported as defaulter to CICs.
• Bank also sends SMS and E-mail to the customer at T*-7 day which qualifies as notice as well
as reiteration to make payment on time and avoid being reported as defaulter to CICs.
• In case of a default by the customer, Bank further sends SMS and E-mail at T*+4 to keep the
customer duly informed about reporting to CICs.
*T is the payment due date
• Recovery of dues in case of death of Cardholder:
i. The whole of the outstanding balance (including unbilled transactions) will become
immediately due and payable to HSBC.
ii. HSBC will become entitled to recover the total outstanding from the estate of the Cardholder.
• As per Reserve Bank of India guidelines, we provide credit information relating to our credit
cardholders to Credit Information Companies (CICs) payable in full to HSBC on suspension/
termination of the agreement for whatever reasons or on the insolvency or death of the credit
Cardholder. HSBC will become entitled to recover the outstanding dues together with all
expenses,legal fees, finance charges and interest from the estate of the credit cardholder on his
death, without prejudice to its rights to continue to charge the finance charges and other
charges at prevailing rates till the dues are settled on a monthly basis. The information provided
reflects the status as on the previous month-end and includes information regarding, whether
the credit card account is regular or delinquent. In the event a credit card account is delinquent
as on the date of such reporting and the account is subsequently regularised, the status of the
account will only be updated prospectively, at the time of the next monthly reporting. As per
Credit Information Companies (CICs), all changes in customer status are updated within a
maximum of 30 days. To avoid any adverse credit history with Credit Information Companies
(CICs), credit Cardholders should ensure that they make timely payment of the amount due on
the card account
Standard Illustration SMA/NPA classification:
Loans in the nature of revolving facilities like cash credit/overdraft
SMA Basis for classification - Outstanding balance remains countinuously in
Subcategories excess of the sanctioned limit or drawing power, whichever is lower, for a
period of:
SMA-1 More than 30 days and upto 60 days
SMA-2 More than 60 days and upto 90 days
Example: If due date of a Credit card account is 31 March 2021, and full dues are not received
before the lending institution runs the day-end process for this date, the date of overdue shall be
31 March 2021. If it continues to remain overdue, then this account shall get tagged as SMA-1
upon running day-end process on 30 April 2021 i.e. upon completion of 30 days of being
continuously overdue. Accordingly, the date of SMA-1 classification for that account shall be 30
April 2021.
Similarly, if the account continues to remain overdue, it shall get tagged as SMA-2 upon running
day-end process on 30 May 2021 and if continues to remain overdue further, it shall get
classified as NPA upon running day-end process on 29 June 2021.
Bank will report you as a defaulter to Credit Agencies if you miss payment for minimum amount
by 3 days from the due date.
5. TERMINATION
• You may terminate this agreement at any time by written notice to HSBC accompanied by the
return of the credit card and any additional credit cards cut into several pieces and full
clearance of all the outstandings
Where this agreement relates to the use of an additional credit card, the usage of the additional
card may be discontinued by written notice to HSBC by you. Please destroy the additional
credit card by cutting it into several pieces through the magnetic stripe
• HSBC may at any time, by providing a notice of 30 days, terminate and close the credit card and
the credit card account of the credit Cardholder without assigning any reason for the same
• HSBC may at its discretion recall the outstanding amount on your credit card(s)/add-on card(s)
without assigning any reason thereof. In the event of HSBC recalling the entire outstanding
amount, HSBC shall give you reasonable notice for paying the entire outstanding amount
• Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated elsewhere in these terms and conditions, HSBC
may at its discretion, cancel the limit granted on your credit card account or credit card/add-on
card(s) without assigning any reason therefor. In the event HSBC cancels the limit granted on
your credit card account or credit card/add-on card(s) in terms of this clause, HSBC shall
intimate you on such cancellation
• The whole of the outstanding balance on the credit card account, together with the amount of
any outstanding credit card transactions eected but not yet charged to the credit card account,
will become immediately due
• Any intimation given by HSBC hereunder will be dee med to have been received by you within
seven days of posting to your address last notified in writing to HSBC
• Closure of the credit card may entail withdrawal of all facilities provided through use of the
credit card and/or the credit card number
• Any request for closure of a credit card shall be honoured within seven working days by the
credit card-issuer, subject to payment of all dues by the cardholder
Subsequent to the closure of credit card, the cardholder shall be immediately notified about the
closure through e-mail, SMS, etc. Failure on the part of the card-issuers to complete the process
of closure within seven working days shall result in a penalty of 500 per day of delay payable to
the customer, till the closure of the account provided there is no outstanding in the account
• Procedure for surrender/closure of card by cardholder: You can exercise any of the following
options to initiate closure of your HSBC Credit Card:
- Login to HSBC Internet Banking with your user ID and password and submit your request
through secure message
- You can also call HSBC PhoneBanking and register a card closure request
- Alternatively, can submit a written request at any HSBC branch
- Please remember to cut your card into pieces across the Chip and magnetic stripe, post-
submission of your closure request. For more details please visit FAQs for Credit Cards | Help
and Support - HSBC IN
• In case of no activity/transaction on the credit card and/or if the credit card account has
remained inoperational for a period of > 12 months or any such period as deemed fit by HSBC,
HSBC may exercise its right to close the concerned inactive card(s), linked additional card(s)
issued to family members and the dormant/inoperational credit card account by providing a 30
days’ notice via SMS or E-mail.
6. LOSS/THEFT/MISUSE OF THE CARD
• If the credit card is lost/stolen, the cardholder should report it to HSBC immediately in writing or
1800 121 2208 or available on https://www.hsbc.co.in/help/contact/. The Bank is merely acting as
a facilitator in taking up the dispute through Visa to the concerning merchant. The Bank is thus
not liable for the outcome of the investigation
• Post bank-induced or customer-induced termination of the credit card, all the accrued rewards
and cashback on the credit card shall ipso facto stand immediately and automatically cancelled
• The Cardholder will not be held liable for any transaction made on the credit card after reporting
the loss/theft/misuse to HSBC
• Although loss or theft may be reported as mentioned in (a) above, the cardholder must confirm
to HSBC in writing. A copy of the acknowledged FIR must accompany the written confirmation
• Should the Cardholder subsequently recover the card, the recovered credit card must not be
used. Please destroy the card by cutting it into several pieces through the magnetic stripe
• In the event that you lose your credit card, please:
- Report the loss to HSBC PhoneBanking or to the Visa Globa Emergency Assistance Helplines
immediately
- Request replacement at HSBC PhoneBanking/Branch/Internet Banking SMS ‘BLOCK‘ to
- File a police report for the lost/stolen HSBC Credit Card
- Please confirm the loss in writing to, The Manager, Credit Cards, Post Box Number 5080,
Chennai - 600 028
If you recover your HSBC Credit Card after you have reported its loss, please do not attempt
to use it.
Instead, please destroy the HSBC Credit Card by cutting it into several pieces and report the
same to HSBC.For more details please visit FAQs for Credit Cards | Help and Support - HSBC
IN
• In case of loss/theft/ misuse of card, the Bank shall be guided by the policy on limited liability
of customers available on website. The policy has been formulated basis the RBI circular on
Customer Protection – Limiting Liability of Customers in Unauthorised Electronic Banking
Transactions’ as updated from time to time. (RBI Circular - ref. DBR.No.
Leg.BC.78/09.07.005/2017-18 dated July 6, 2017.
7. DISCLOSURES
• The Cardholder acknowledges the right of HSBC to provide details of his/her account including
those of any add-on cardholder(s), to third party agencies for the purpose of availing of support
services of any nature by the Bank, without any specific consent or authorisation from him/her
or any add-on Cardholders
• The Cardholder further acknowledges that HSBC is authorised to share Cardholder(s), to
disclose information to such credit bureaus/credit reference agencies. Such entities may further
make available processed information or data or products thereof to banks/financial institutions
and other credit grantors
• HSBC may also provide information relating to credit history/repayment record of the cardholder
to a credit information company (specifically authorized by the RBI), in terms of the Credit
Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005
• Your HSBC Credit Card transactions outside India must be made strictly in accordance with
Exchange Control Regulations of the Reserve Bank of India. Kindly note that a cardholder
resident in directly/indirectly outside India in any form towards overseas foreign exchange
trading through electronic/internet trading portals is prohibited and a cardholder making such
transactions would make himself/herself/themselves liable to be proceeded against with for
contravention of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), 1999 besides being liable for
violation of regulations relating to Know Your Customer (KYC) norms/Anti Money Laundering
(AML) standards. Any violation of the Exchange Control Regulations arising out of utilisation of
this HSBC Credit Card is the responsibility of the individual HSBC Credit Cardholder
If the Bank comes across any prohibited transaction undertaken by the cardholder vide credit
card or online banking, the Bank will immediately close the card and the matter will be reported
to the Reserve Bank of India. Cardholder (primary/additional) and he/she would be liable for
action under the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), 1999 and any
other regulations in force from time to time. Please note that the onus of ensuring compliance
with the regulations is with the holder of the international credit card
• The Cardholder will not hold HSBC responsible or liable for, any actions, claims, demands,
losses, damages, costs, sustain or incur by way of this scheme
• All and any disputes arising from the Instant EMI facility shall be subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai
•
terms and facility for select Cardholders and nothing contained herein terms and conditions for
card usage. The words and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning as in the
terms and conditions for card usage
• As per the RBI Master Direction DBR.AML.BC.No.81/14.01.001/2015-16, updated on 28 April
2023, in line with the requirements of Prevention of Money Laundering Rules, HSBC would like
to inform that in case of any update in the documents submitted by the customer at the time of
establishment of business relationship/account-based relationship and thereafter, as necessary,
customers shall submit to the HSBC the update of such documents. This shall be done within 30
days of the update to the documents for the purpose of updating the records at HSBC’s end
CBC (MITC) 10/23
Issued by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India. Incorporated in Hong Kong SAR with limited liability.