Apply for Visa Platinum Credit Card Online - HSBC IN
Top of main content
Get an INR250 Amazon eGift Card when you apply online, verify yourself by video and receive your card. T&Cs apply .
Apply now
HSBC Visa Platinum Credit Card
The credit card that brings you the best of the best with exciting rewards and exclusive privileges.
Fresh new look. Same great card
Our Platinum Credit Card has had a makeover, with a cool, teal-coloured card replacing the old silver one. It still comes with an excellent selection of benefits, plus you now have access to some fantastic Visa Signature perks.
Close
Share
facebook
twitter
linkedin
pinterest
email
Enjoy precious privileges and rewards
With the HSBC Platinum Credit Card, you can earn reward points to use towards flights, hotel stays and more. Receive cashback on fuel when you tap and pay. And get access to exclusive memberships and deals, courtesy of Visa Signature.
Joining fee and annual fee
Joining fee INR0
Annual fee
INR0
Get started
Track credit card application
Track credit card application This link will open in a new window
Our welcome gifts to you
Earn 2,000 reward points when you download and log on to the HSBC India Mobile Banking app and spend at least INR5,000 in the first 30 days of having your card. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Get a complimentary 3-month Swiggy One membership once you've activated your card. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Receive a voucher worth up to INR500 for Amazon Pay, Zomato and Swiggy when you activate your card with a single transaction of INR300 or more.[@visa-signature-subject-to-change] T&Cs apply .
Plus, get an INR250 Amazon eGift Card when you apply online, verify yourself by video and receive your credit card. T&Cs apply .
Here's what you get with an HSBC Visa Platinum Credit Card
No joining or annual fees
Get your credit card without paying any joining or annual fees.
Air miles conversion
Convert your points into air miles with Air India, Etihad Airways, British Airways and Singapore Airlines.
Savings on fuel
Save on fuel surcharges with our credit card waiver[@fuel-surcharge-waiver], and get cashback when you tap and pay. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Visa Signature perks
Enjoy exclusive deals, including complimentary subscriptions, flight seats and hotel discounts.
A more rewarding kind of credit card
Earn reward points on your everyday transactions
Spend with your HSBC Platinum Credit Card and earn reward points you can use towards flights, hotel stays and more.
Earn 2 reward points for every INR150 you spend with your card
Earn up to 6 times the reward points on hotels, flights and car rentals through Travel with Points
Instantly convert your reward points to air miles and hotel loyalty points in the HSBC India Mobile Banking app
How to earn and use reward points
Enjoy premium lifestyle and travel perks
As an HSBC Platinum Credit Card holder, you'll have access to exclusive memberships and deals courtesy of Visa Signature[@visa-signature-subject-to-change], including:
A complimentary 12-month Times Prime subscription, giving you free access to Spotify Premium, Uber One, Discovery+, Moneycontrol Pro, Lenskart Gold and more. T&Cs apply
Complimentary flight seat selections twice a year on domestic flights booked with MakeMyTrip. T&Cs apply
15% cashback added to your MakeMyTrip Wallet in 'My Cash' for hotel stays in India when you book with MakeMyTrip – using promo code: VISASIGNATURE. T&Cs apply
Save money on fuel payments
Fill up at the pump for less, with a waiver on fuel surcharges. What's more, you can also get cashback as a reward – simply for using tap and pay.
Get INR250 cashback on contactless fuel purchases when you spend INR10,000 per quarter. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Plus, get a waiver of up to INR250 on fuel surcharges on fuel payments between INR400 and INR4,000 a month
Your HSBC Platinum Credit Card also comes with
Savings on dining and movies with District by Zomato
Save 10% on dining, activities and shopping, and enjoy movies on the big screen for less with buy-one-get-one cinema tickets. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Exclusive privileges at The Bicester Collection Villages
Enjoy access to eVIP pass discounts and sale events. Register [@bicester-village]
Zero liability for lost cards
Get insurance coverage of up to INR3,00,000 for any misuse of your card from 24 hours before you reported it lost.
Balance transfer options
Transfer outstanding balances from other credit cards to your HSBC credit card and repay it in easy monthly installments at a lower interest rate.
Emergency card replacement
If you lose your credit card at home or abroad, cancel it and we'll issue you with an emergency card anywhere in the world.
The option to borrow cash
Borrow cash and repay in easy monthly instalments with a low interest rate using cash on equated monthly instalment (EMI).
Additional benefits
You'll also be able to take out cash advances, get global access to your accounts, and manage your money on the go with 24/7 online access to your account.
Offers and discounts
HSBC credit card customers get exclusive access to discounts with our select partners.
What you need to know
Are you eligible?
To apply you must:
Be aged between 18 to 65 years old for salaried individuals, or 25 to 65 years old for self-employed individuals
Have a minimum income of INR600,000 per year for salaried individuals or INR12,00,000 per year for self-employed individuals
Be an Indian resident
Reside in Chennai, Gurgaon, Delhi National Capital Region (NCR), Pune, Noida, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Kochi, Coimbatore, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Amritsar, Baroda, Indore, Lucknow, Nagpur or Surat
Important documents
Most important terms and conditions (PDF)
Most important terms and conditions (PDF) Download
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF)
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF) Download
Platinum credit card guide (PDF)
Platinum credit card guide (PDF) Download
Code of commitment to customers (PDF, 406KB)
Code of commitment to customers (PDF, 406KB) Download
Apply online and get an Amazon eGift Card
Apply online
Apply for your card online and complete your application and Video KYC (VKYC) to get an Amazon eGift Card worth INR250.
T&Cs apply
Apply now
Apply now This link will open in a new window
Contact us
It's usually quickest to apply online, but if you prefer to speak to someone about your application, call us or visit your nearest branch.
Get in touch
You might also be interested in
Discover more about our credit cards
HSBC RuPay Platinum Credit Card
Enjoy exciting rewards, exclusive perks and effortless payments with UPI.
HSBC Live+ Credit Card
Dine, shop, travel and live it up with extra cashback.
HSBC Premier Credit Card
From travel to gourmet dining to lifestyle privileges, your HSBC Premier Credit Card offers a range of exclusive benefits.
HSBC credit card offers
Explore the latest offers for our credit card customers, with discounts on shopping, dining and more.
Notes
Verify yourself by video terms and conditions
This Offer ('Offer') is brought to you by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India ('Bank') and is made available on the website amazon.in or mobile site or mobile application thereof (collectively, ' Amazon.in ') by Amazon Pay (India) Private Limited ('Amazon') and any participation is voluntary.
Offer Terms and Conditions ('Offer Terms') are in addition to the amazon.in 'Conditions of Use & Sale' and 'Privacy Notice' to which you agree to, by using amazon.in and Terms and Conditions of HSBC Credit Cards (PDF) . In the event of any conflict between the Conditions of Use & Sale and these Offer Terms, these Offer Terms will prevail, only for the purposes of this Offer.
This Amazon eGift Voucher offer is provided by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India (HSBC) to Resident Indian customers (hereinafter referred to as 'credit card applicant') who have participated in the offer. Each qualifying credit card applicant who has completed Video KYC (VKYC) and has got the credit card approved and issued is entitled to an Amazon eGift Voucher of INR250 (Offer).
This offer is valid only on online applications and upon successful completion of the Video KYC (VKYC) and issuance of the credit card, during the offer period 1 January 2026 to 31 October 2026.
This is a limited period Offer and HSBC in its sole discretion reserves the right to alter, modify, change or vary all or any of these terms and conditions or to replace, wholly or in part, this Offer by another Offer, whether similar to this Offer or not, or to withdraw it altogether at any point in time by providing appropriate intimation to the Cardholder.
The Amazon eGift Voucher (WinPin code) will be sent to your email ID provided in the online credit card application, within 45 days of end of the offer i.e. 15 December 2026.
All decisions with respect to the Offer shall be at the sole discretion of HSBC and the same shall be final, binding and non-contestable. Other than the specific entitlements available to the Cardholders under this Offer, any other claims with regard to this Offer against HSBC are waived.
Credit card applicants are not bound in any way to participate in this Offer. Any participation is voluntary and the Offer is being made purely on a best effort basis.
Nothing herein amounts to a commitment by the Bank or Amazon to conduct further, similar or other Offers.
Issuance of the credit card is at the sole discretion of the Bank and is subject to the Bank's internal approval norms.
By participating in this Offer, every credit card applicant expressly agrees that Bank and Amazon will not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever that a Cardholder may suffer, directly or indirectly, in connection with the Offer including but not limited to that associated with his/her use or delivery or misuse of the Product(s). The existence of any dispute shall not, by itself, constitute any claim against HSBC.
The Bank does not make any warranties or representations as to the quality, merchantability, suitability or availability of the product and services offered under these Offers. Any dispute regarding these must be addressed in writing, by the Cardholder, directly to Amazon.
Prior to using the Amazon website and/or the mobile app, the Cardholder should refer, read, understand, accept and agree to the user agreement and Terms and Conditions of the said website and the mobile app, and proceed only if the Cardholder agrees to abide by the same. The Cardholder will be required to give personal information and other details online. The Cardholder should read and understand the privacy policy of the website and the mobile site, prior to providing any such information. Any disclosure of information made by the Cardholder towards availing of or fulfilment of the Offer is at the sole discretion of the Cardholder and the Bank shall not be responsible for the same. Amazon may use the personal information shared by the Cardholder for any other purpose (like marketing, etc.) and the Bank will not be held liable for such usage of personal information by Amazon Products offered under this Offer are subject to availability with Amazon and HSBC will not be liable for non-availability of any of the products.
The Offer is subject to force majeure events.
These Offer Terms are governed by the laws of India and the courts at Mumbai will have exclusive jurisdiction over any matters/disputes arising out of or in relation to these Offer Terms.
Any person availing this Offer will be deemed to have accepted these Offer Terms.
Voucher Terms and Conditions:
The eGift Voucher is valid for a period of 6 months from the date of issuance.
eGift Voucher cannot be reloaded, resold, transferred for value or redeemed for cash.
eGift Voucher cannot be used to purchase other gift card.
eGift Voucher cannot be used on any of the partner sites.
eGift Voucher cannot be used to purchase any other type of digital content such as apps.
eGift Voucher cannot be transferred from one account to another once the claim code has been added.
Amazon may change (add to, delete, or amend) these terms from time to time. Unless stated otherwise, the changes will apply to any new Amazon eGift Voucher that are for personal, non-commercial use and enjoyment only. The same may be shared with family and friends, but may not be advertised, sold or used as promotional items by the purchaser or anyone else without Amazon's prior written consent.
Amazon eGift Voucher cannot be replaced, refunded or revalued. It cannot be exchanged for points or cash and cannot be re-validated.
HSBC does not make any warranties or representations as to the quality, merchantability, suitability or availability of the products or services offered under this Offer. Any dispute regarding delivery, service, suitability, merchantability, availability or quality of the products/services availed under this Offer must be addressed in writing, by the customer directly to amazon.in
Tax liability, if any, will be borne by the Cardholder.
By using the eGift Voucher, the Cardholders shall be deemed to have accepted all the aforementioned Terms and Conditions in totality.
Back to top
Connect with us
Here's an easy way to share your thoughts, stay informed and join the conversation. Follow us:
HSBC India Instagram Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Facebook Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Twitter Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Youtube Account This link will open in a new window