HSBC Premier Credit Card
Top of main content
HSBC Premier Credit Card
From travel to gourmet dining to lifestyle privileges, your HSBC Premier Credit Card offers a range of exclusive benefits.
Share
facebook
twitter
linkedin
pinterest
email
Unlock access, privileges and exceptional rewards
The HSBC Premier Credit Card is your gateway to a world of privileges. Enjoy a range of exclusive Mastercard offers and 1:1 reward points at the Apple online store and selected airlines. You could get benefits worth up to INR2.5 lakhs a year.
Get started
Track credit card application
Track credit card application This link will open in a new window
Explore our benefit calculator (PDF)
Explore our benefit calculator (PDF) Download
Get a welcome reward
Earn 20,000 reward points when you start using your HSBC Premier Credit Card. T&Cs apply .
What you get with an HSBC Premier Credit Card
Go places with your card
Get lounge access at o<version>,400 airports, international travel insurance and worldwide assistance.
Earn when you spend
Each time you spend on your card, you will earn rewards that can be used on shopping, dining, entertainment and airline miles.
Fuel surcharge waiver
Get 1% fuel surcharge waiver at all fuel stations across India on transactions from INR400 to INR4,000 [@fuel-surcharge-waiver-rewards]
Travel with Points
Earn up to 12X reward points on hotels, flights and car rentals on Travel with Points
Travel the world
Go wherever life takes you, with exciting extras.
Enjoy unlimited domestic and international airport lounge access for cardholders, plus 8 international guest visits[@lounge-list]
Get a 0.99% foreign exchange markup, anywhere and any time globally – no conditions apply.
Relax with international travel insurance covering lost luggage, delays, travel documents and much more. Know more
Save up to 20% on hotel bookings with Agoda. Know more
Get one night free when you book an eligible stay at participating hotels with Mastercard. Know more
Earn as you spend
Rewards that are truly unparalleled.
Earn 3 reward points for every INR100 you spend on your card
Enjoy reward points that never expire
Earn up to 12X reward points on hotels, flights and car rentals on Travel with Points. Know more
Get maximum value from your reward points with 1 point worth INR1 at Apple
Instantly convert your reward points to air miles and hotel loyalty points at 1:1 in the HSBC India Mobile Banking app
Discover more rewards from your Premier Credit Card
Live in style worldwide
Lifestyle privileges to match your style.
Enjoy entertainment any day of the week with buy one, get one offers at BookMyShow. Know more
Get unparalleled dining offers with 30% off your bill (up to INR1,500) with EazyDiner. T&Cs apply (PDF)
Enjoy VIP guest experiences, eVIP pass discounts, hands-free shopping, private sale events and reserved parking at The Bicester Collection Villages. Register 3 Footnote link 3 .
Your HSBC Premier Credit Card also gives you:
Savings on dining and movies with District by Zomato
Save 10% on dining, activities and shopping, and enjoy movies on the big screen for less with buy-one-get-one cinema tickets. T&Cs apply (PDF)
Hotel membership offers
Enjoy exclusive savings, room upgrades and bonus rewards with Marina Bay Sands , GHA Discovery , Brilliant by Langham and more with Mastercard.
EMI options
Convenient EMI options that allow you to pay your credit card dues in Equated Monthly Instalments (EMIs) such as Balance Transfer on EMI, Cash-on-EMI, or Loan-on-Phone.
Luxury hotel & resorts programme
Get complimentary upgrades, early check-in and late check-out, and exclusive extras at o<version>,800 luxury destinations worldwide with Mastercard. Know more
Balance transfer
Transfer your outstanding credit card balance to an HSBC credit card to enjoy easy repayments at a lower interest rate.
Online fraud protection and lost card liability
Get insurance coverage for any misuse of your card from 24 hours before reporting it lost, up to INR300,000.
What you need to know
Are you eligible?
You must be an existing HSBC qualified Premier customer with a Premier relationship in India.
Fees and charges
The HSBC Premier Credit Card is only available to HSBC Premier banking customers.
You can get the card for a joining fee of INR12,000 (paid after you activate your card). There is an annual renewal fee of INR20,000, but this is waived for HSBC qualified Premier customers with a Premier relationship in India – find out more about HSBC Premier .
To qualify for HSBC Premier, you must meet at least one of the following eligibility criteria in India:
- HSBC Premier Total Relationship Balance (TRB) criterion: Maintain an average quarterly Total Relationship Balance (TRB) of INR50,00,000 (50 lakh) OR
- HSBC Premier salary criterion: Maintain a salary account with a net monthly salary credit of INR300,000 (Rupees three lakh only) OR
- HSBC Premier mortgage criterion (effective 01 Jan 2026): Avail a mortgage relationship of INR11,500,000 (Rupees one crore fifteen lakh only) and meet the Total Relationship Balance1 (TRB) criterion of INR50,00,000 (50 lakh) within 12 months from the date of first disbursement of the mortgage loan.
Important documents
Important Terms and Conditions (PDF)
Important Terms and Conditions (PDF) Download
Introductory offers terms and conditions (PDF)
Introductory offers terms and conditions (PDF) Download
Service guide (PDF)
Service guide (PDF) Download
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF)
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF) Download
Get started
Not a Premier customer?
You need to have a Premier bank account to apply. See if you're eligible and arrange a callback.
Get a callback
Get a callback This link will open in a new window
Already a Premier banking customer?
You'll need to visit a branch to apply for this credit card.
Find a branch
Other ways to apply
You can also call us on 1800 120 4722 from within India, or +91-80-71898001 from overseas.
You might also be interested in
HSBC Live+ Credit Card
Dine, shop, travel and live it up with extra cashback.
HSBC Visa Platinum Credit Card
The credit card that brings you the best of the best with exciting rewards and exclusive privileges.
Tips for using a credit card balance transfer
If used wisely, transferring your credit card balance can be a good way to manage your debt.
Notes
Back to top
Connect with us
Here's an easy way to share your thoughts, stay informed and join the conversation. Follow us:
HSBC India Instagram Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Facebook Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Twitter Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Youtube Account This link will open in a new window