HSBC Taj Credit Card | Apply Today - HSBC IN
Top of main content
Apply now
Apply now This link will open in a new window
HSBC Taj Credit Card
The Rarest Key. Experience the ultimate in luxury, from tailored stays at Taj Hotels to unrivalled privileges that match your lifestyle.
The Rarest Key to a world of luxury
Unlock a curated collection of benefits at Taj, SeleQtions, Gateway and Vivanta hotels across the globe. Enjoy exquisite stays, gourmet dining, exclusive access, bespoke experiences and much more.
Ready to apply?
Track credit card application
Track credit card application This link will open in a new window
Unlock access to a world of extraordinary benefits
Get two nights' breakfast-inclusive stays at hotels across India and a one-night stay at Taj Palaces when you activate your card
Get a voucher for an extra one-night stay at Taj Palaces, valid for 6 months, with every new or renewed card. Offer valid until 30 September 2026
Access exclusive privileges with NeuPass Taj InnerCircle Platinum Tier membership[@platinum-neupass]
Enjoy priority/early check-ins, late check-outs, access to a dedicated 24/7 Platinum customer care service and more
Enjoy exclusive access to The Chambers Lounge, available up to 12 times a year for you and a guest
Easily manage your bookings by calling HSBC on 1800 569 1111 , or the IHCL concierge desk on 1800 202 5575 [@taj-offer-redemption]
Terms and conditions apply (PDF, 273KB)
Why choose the HSBC Taj Credit Card?
Exquisite stays and dining
Enjoy unlimited room upgrades and exclusive savings on stays and dining at participating hotels across the globe.
Bespoke experiences
Relax and unwind with indulgent spa therapies along with exclusive swimming pool access.
Exclusive access
Experience world-class hospitality with access to The Chambers Lounge, the Taj Club Lounge and ‘Rendezvous' networking events.
Elegant travel
Travel in comfort and style with airport lounge access, savings on Emirates flights and limousine transfers.
Take a closer look at your credit card benefits
Exquisite stays and gourmet dining
Revel in the luxury of staying at a prestigious hotel, where every moment transforms into an extraordinary experience.
Enjoy unlimited room upgrades to the next level
Get exclusive 25% savings on the Best Available Rate at Taj Hotels and other participating IHCL hotels
Get four vouchers for set meals for two at participating restaurants
Enjoy 25% savings on food and beverages and Qmin deliveries
Pure indulgence
Whether you're seeking serenity or sophisticated leisure, you can enjoy an unforgettable journey of opulence and relaxation.
Unwind with a 60-minute spa treatment (up to 4 a year), plus access to the sauna and steam room
Enjoy a year of leisure, with free swimming pool access for 2 (up to 12 times a year)
Exclusive access
Escape to the ultimate sanctuary of luxury at Taj hotels, where refined elegance and unmatched comfort surround you.
Enjoy exclusive access to The Chambers Lounge, available up to 12 times a year for you and a guest
Visit the Taj Club Lounge up to 12 times a year
Get access to intimate, immersive and indulgent 'Rendezvous' events encompassing celebrated speakers, masterclasses and much more
Elegant travel
Explore the world in comfort and style with limousine transfers, airport lounge access and more included with your card.
Relax before you fly with unlimited airport lounge access globally. T&C Apply
Save 15% on duty-free with AdaniOne mobile app (once per month; min order INR7,500; max discount INR3,000). T&Cs apply (PDF, 178 KB)
Enjoy 4 domestic + 4 international chauffer-driven airport transfers in a year. T&Cs apply (PDF, 165 KB)
Rare rewards
Earn reward points with your card and use them towards stays, food and beverages, and spa treatments at Taj and other participating IHCL hotels.
Earn 1.5 reward points for every INR 100 you spend on standard purchase
Earn 5 reward points for every INR 100 you spend with Taj, SeleQtions, Gateway, Vivanta hotels and amã Stays & Trails bungalows
1.5 reward points = INR 1 in your HSBC Taj Credit Card Wallet balance
More about HSBC Taj Credit Card rewards
Your HSBC Taj Credit Card also gives you
Exclusive privileges at The Bicester Collection Villages
Enjoy access to VIP guest experiences, eVIP pass discounts, hands-free shopping, private sale events and reserved parking. Register [@bicester-village]
Save 30% with EazyDiner
Get 30% off, up to INR 1,500, when you book a table with EazyDiner. T&Cs apply (PDF)
VISA Infinite Benefits
For all the VISA benefits, please refer to VISA website.
Buy 1 Get 1 Free movie and event tickets
See the latest movies and live events with Buy 1 Get 1 Free tickets through Book My Show (max discount per ticket INR 1,000 each, valid twice a month) T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Golf
Enjoy 12 complimentary golf games and lessons every year
Save up to INR20,000 with MakeMyTrip
Enjoy business class travel for less when you book with MakeMyTrip. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Save 50% at Starbucks
Get up to INR 150 off your order, 4 times a month. T&Cs apply (PDF) .
Things to know before you apply
Are you eligible?
To apply for an HSBC Taj Credit Card, you must:
Be 25 to 75 years old
Be an Indian resident (or already have an HSBC India bank account if you're a non-resident Indian)
Have an annual income of at least INR36 lakhs if salaried, or INR45 lakhs if self employed
Reside in Chennai, Gurgaon, Delhi National Capital Region (NCR), Pune, Noida, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Kochi, Coimbatore, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Amritsar, Baroda, Indore, Lucknow, Nagpur or Surat
What documents do I need to apply?
To apply for an HSBC Taj Credit Card, you'll need:
Proof of residence, identity proof and your permanent account number (PAN) card
Your latest monthly payslip if salaried, or 2 years' ITR and 1 year's proof of income if self employed
Please note that this list is for reference purposes only. We may require additional documents from you during the credit card application process.
Important documents
Most important terms and conditions (PDF)
Most important terms and conditions (PDF) Download
Taj offer terms and conditions (PDF, 109 KB)
Taj offer terms and conditions (PDF, 109 KB) Download
HSBC Taj Credit Card service guide (PDF)
HSBC Taj Credit Card service guide (PDF) Download
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF)
Credit Card Key Fact Statement (PDF) Download
Credit limit review form (PDF, 575 KB)
Credit limit review form (PDF, 575 KB) Download
HSBC Taj Credit Card application form – for existing customers only (PDF, 39 KB)
HSBC Taj Credit Card application form – for existing customers only (PDF, 39 KB) Download
Fees and charges
The HSBC Taj Credit Card has a joining fee of INR1,10,000, which is paid after you activate your card.
There is also an annual fee INR1,10,000, which is paid annually once you've had the card for 12 months.
Ready to apply for your HSBC Taj Credit Card?
To apply for an HSBC Taj Credit Card, complete a callback form and our team will be in touch soon.
Get started
Get started This link will open in a new window
You might also be interested in
HSBC Taj Credit Card rewards
Earn reward points with your card and use them to unlock rare experiences at Taj and other participating hotels.
Credit card offers
Explore the latest offers for our credit card customers, with discounts on shopping, dining and more.
Notes
Reward points will be credited solely on the MCC categorization, as outlined in the Credit Card Service Guide. The Bank's decision on applicability, classification and all other purposes shall be final and binding.
No reward points will be awarded on following categories: Fuel related (MCC 5541, 5983, 5172, 5542, 5552), e-wallets (MCC 6540), rental payments or any such payments made through MCCs 6513, education and government related transactions including tax payments carried out through MCCs (9399, 8299, 8220, 8211, 8241, 9311, 8244, 8249, 9222, 9223, 9402, 9211, 9405), Insurance payments (MCC 6300, 5960), Jewelry and antique items (MCC 5944, 5094), cash withdrawals, credit repayments, foreign currency, liquid and cryptocurrency assets (MCC 6011, 6010, 6012, 6051), money transfers (MCC 4829), wholesale clubs (MCC5300) and utilities – electric, gas, water and sanitary (MCC 4900).
Back to top
Connect with us
Here's an easy way to share your thoughts, stay informed and join the conversation. Follow us:
HSBC India Instagram Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Facebook Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Twitter Account This link will open in a new window
HSBC India Youtube Account This link will open in a new window