Emirates Skywards ICICI Bank Emeralde Credit Card – Apply Online
Close Modal
Close Modal
Cards
Credit Card
Emirates Skywards Credit Card
Emirates Emeralde Credit Card
Emirates Emeralde Credit Card
With the ICICI Bank Emirates Emeralde Credit Card, enjoy family time with offers on movies and events. Indulge in culinary delights at multiple restaurants with ICICI Bank Culinary Treats Program. Along with unlimited access to international and domestic lounges, Earn 10,000 Skywards miles and a complimentary Skywards Silver Tier membership
Read Less
Skywards Miles
Lounge Access
Dining Discounts
Know more
APPLY
SAVE
BEST FOR
High-end flying perks
Earn 10,000 Skywards miles
Complimentary Skywards silver tier membership
Save up to 10% on Emirates flights
Unlimited access to airport lounges
Emirates Skywards ICICI Bank Emeralde Credit Card: Maximum benefits
Save Money
Joining Benefits
Get 10,000 Skywards Miles and Emirates Skywards Silver Tier Membership
Annual Benefits
Get 10,000 Skywards Miles and upgrade to Gold Tier on annual renewal
Unlimited
Get access to international and domestic airport lounges for the primary Cardholder
Promo Code
Get upto 10% Discount on Emirates flight bookings using the promo code INICI26 via Emirates.com, Click here to know more
Four times every month
Buy one ticket and get up to ₹750 off on the second ticket through BookMyShow
Milestone Reward
Emirates Gold Tier Membership after a spend of ₹15 lakh (including minimum ₹50,000 on Emirates.com) in the anniversary year.
1% Fuel Surcharge
Fuel surcharge on all fuel transactions of up to ₹4,000 at any fuel outlet
Earn and Use Reward Points
Earn Emirates Skywards miles on every ₹100 spend
On International Spend
On Domestic
Spend
Your miles will be credited to your Emirates Skywards account at the end of the billing cycle
APPLY NOW
Emirates Skywards ICICI Bank Emeralde Credit Card: Fees and charges
Joining fee
₹10,000 + Goods and Services Tax (GST)
Annual fee
₹10,000 + Goods and Services Tax (GST)
Automated Teller Machine (ATM) withdrawal
Pay 3.75% interest, per month
If only minimum due is paid
Pay 3.75% interest per month
For late bill payment
Ranging from ₹100 to ₹1,300
Most important terms & conditions
Please refer to the Most Important Terms & Conditions (MITC) for other charges
Click here for applicable Terms and Conditions (T&Cs)
APPLY NOW
Things you’ll need
to apply
Eligibility
Documents
An Indian citizen o<version> years of age
A salaried employee with a monthly income of at least ₹2,50,000
Self-employed with an annual income of at least ₹30,00,000
Proof of identity
Proof of address
Income Proof
ICICI Bank Plus Card
Extend benefits to your loved ones
Emirates Skywards ICICI Bank Emeralde Credit Card FAQs
How can I qualify for Emirates Skywards Gold Tier membership using the ICICI Bank Emirates Emeralde Credit Card?
To qualify for an upgrade to Skywards Gold Tier, the Emirates Emeralde Credit Cardholder must:
Spend a total of ₹15 lakhs within an anniversary year.
Out of this, at least ₹50,000 must be spent on Emirates bookings.
Even if these criteria are met early, the upgrade happens only after 12 months from the card issuance date and upon payment of the annual fee for the following year.
Do supplementary cardholders earn Skywards Miles?
Yes. Any eligible spend made by supplementary cardholders of Emirates Emeralde Credit Card will earn Skywards Miles, which will be credited to the primary cardholder’s Emirates Skywards account. The rate of earning remains the same as for primary cardholders.
How to avail complimentary international airport lounge access?
Enjoy unlimited complimentary access to international airport lounges with ICICI Bank Emirates Emerald Credit Card. Complimentary benefits are applicable only for the primary cardholder.
For an ICICI Bank Emirates Emeralde Credit Card customer who has applied for the card on or after 15 November 2024.
Priority Pass Membership
Complimentary Priority Pass Membership for the primary cardholder with ICICI Bank Emirates Emeralde Credit Card
Access 1,400+ lounges in 145+ countries worldwide
Present your Priority Pass Membership Card at the participating international lounges.
For the complete list of international airport lounges, visit https://www.prioritypass.com/airport-lounges
For an ICICI Bank Emirates Emeralde Credit Card customer who has applied for the card before 15 November 2024.
DreamFolks Membership
Access 650+ lounges in 100+ countries.
Present your DreamFolks Membership Card at the participating international lounges.
Click here for the complete list of international airport lounges.
How can I avail discount on Emirates flight bookings using my ICICI Bank Emirates Emeralde Credit Card?
To avail upto 10% discount on Emirates flight bookings, please follow the below steps
Visit www.emirates.com or open the Emirates App.
Click on “Book Now”
Enter promo code “INICI26” before searching for flights.
Complete your booking using your Emirates Skywards ICICI Bank Emeralde Credit Card at the time of payment.
What is the criteria for being eligible for the movie benefits offer with BookMyShow?
Starting Apr 1, 2026, to be eligible for availing complimentary tickets offer on movie/ events tickets with BookMyShow, you must spend ₹25,000 or more on your Emirates Emeralde Credit Card within the preceding spends quarter. This entitles you to avail the offer in the following calendar quarter. Please go through the illustration below to understand spends and offer eligibility period.
Please go through the below illustration to understand the spends period along with the lounge eligibility period:
Spends period offer - eligibility period
Spend ₹25,000 between Dec 26, 2025 and Mar 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between Apr 01, 2026 and June 30, 2026.
Spend ₹25,000 between Mar 26, 2026 and June 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between July 01, 2026 and Sep 30, 2026.
Customers with Credit Card on dual networks (Mastercard & Amex | Visa & RuPay) can avail one movie offer per month, per variant. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please  click here .
Add-on/Plus card members need to individually spend ₹25,000 in the preceding spends quarter, to be eligible for the offer in the subsequent calendar quarter
Is there any cashback offer on American Express Credit Card variant while booking movie tickets on BookMyShow?
Cashback offers on the Amex variant have been revoked effective from 01 Jan 2025.
Customers can avail upfront offers while booking tickets on BookMyShow by following the steps below-
Navigate to ‘Apply Offers’ section
Click on the tab - Credit/ Debit/ Net Banking
Choose ICICI Bank Complimentary tickets offer on selected ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Enter the Card Number and click ‘Apply Offer’
Once the success message shows up, the offer will be applied on the billing page.
When will the Skywards Miles be reflected in my Emirates account?
The Skywards Miles of your Emirates Emeralde Credit Card are credited to the registered Emirates Skywards account within 48 hours of the credit card statement generation date. The cardholder’s account must remain active and not delinquent during this period.
What if I don’t have an Emirates Skywards account before applying for the card?
If you are not an Emirates Skywards member at the time of application, ICICI Bank will create one for you. Your personal details, such as your name, email address, and mobile number, will be shared securely with Emirates to enroll you in the program.
What types of spending are excluded from milestone calculations?
Excluded spends for milestone benefits include:
Cash advances
Interest or service charges
Late payment fee
Joining and annual fee
Equated Monthly Instalment (EMI) payments
Balance transfers
Personal Loan on Credit Card (PLCC) transactions
Only retail purchases are considered, and reversals are deducted from spending totals.
How long are Skywards Miles valid for?
Skywards Miles earned are valid for three years from the date of the flight or partner transaction that earned them. After three years, any unused miles will automatically expire.
Can Skywards Miles be redeemed by someone else?
Skywards Miles can be redeemed only by the primary cardholder of the Emirates Emeralde Credit Card or their authorized travel coordinator. In the case of minors, a parent or guardian may redeem rewards on their behalf, subject to availability and Emirates Skywards terms.
View all FAQs
Blogs and Videos
Explore more blogs</p>","cardText":"<p>Explore more blogs</p>", "cardLinkUrl":"/blogs/credit-card", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Blogs" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Blogs
Explore more videos</p>","cardText":"<p>Intrested to learn more?</p>", "cardLinkUrl":"/online-demo", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Videos" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Videos
goto previous card
goto next card
goto previous card
goto next card
Close
Take a word from our Customers
S
Sharad Kapoor
Rating:
4.2
stars
ICICI Bank's Coral Credit Card has been my financial companion for years. The rewards program offers great value, and the discount.
S
Shushant Singh
Rating:
4.5
stars
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card has been a great companion for rewards and lifestyle perks. I’ve enjoyed free movie tickets (BOGO) via BookMyShow, milestone reward points, and 24/7 concierge services that make planning trips a breeze and hassle-free! Also the dual network feature of the card provides the benefit of Visa and Amex both.
S
Soumy Dhawan
Rating:
stars
ICICI Credit Cards are surely one of the best cards out there with an unbeatable reward system. The best part, the quick services they provide.
Apply now
close exit intent modal
close disclaimer modal
Disclaimer
STAY ON THIS SITE
PROCEED