Platinum Chip Credit Card - Benefits, Features & Fees | ICICI Bank
Close Modal
Close Modal
Cards
Credit Card
Platinum Chip Credit Card
Platinum Chip Credit Card
The Platinum Chip Credit Card is a great choice if you’re looking for a cost-free Credit Card. It has no joining or annual fee. It helps you to earn reward points for almost every purchase and the card also provides a fuel surcharge waiver.
Read Less
No Joining & Annual Fee
Reward Points
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Know more
Apply
Save
24,742 PEOPLE ARE INTERESTED
BEST FOR
Rewards on Everyday Spends
Reward points on transactions
No Joining fee
No Annual fee
Get fuel surcharge waiver
Platinum Chip Credit Card: Maximum Benefits
Save Money
Fuel surcharge waiver
Get a 1% waiver on fuel transactions worth ₹400 - ₹4,000 at HPCL pumps.
Easy EMI Conversion
Shop now and pay later
Redeem reward points
Redeem reward points across multiple categories
Earn and Use Reward Points
Earn Points on every ₹100 spend
On Retail
Spend
On Utility & Insurance Spend
Redeem reward points for:
Health & Beauty
Travel & Luggage
Shopping Voucher
Home Appliances
Electronics
Fashion & Lifestyle
APPLY NOW
Platinum Chip Credit Card: Fees & Charges
Joining Fee & Annual Fee
Joining Fee- Nil
Annual Fee- Nil
Forex Markup
3.5%
ATM Withdrawal
Pay 3.75% interest per month
If only minimum due is paid
Pay 3.75% interest per month
For late bill payment
Ranging from ₹100 to ₹1300
Most Important Terms & Conditions
Please refer to the Most Important Terms & Conditions (MITC) for other charges
Click here for applicable Terms & Conditions (T&Cs)
APPLY NOW
Things you’ll need
to apply
Eligibility
Documents
An Indian citizen o<version> years of age*
The salaried individual with a monthly income of ₹20,000*
Self-employed with a monthly income of at least ₹20,000*
Identity Proof
Address Proof
Income Proof
No physical documents required
ICICI Bank Plus Card
Extend Benefits To Your Loved Ones
Platinum Chip Credit Card FAQs
Is there a joining fee or annual fee for Platinum Chip Credit Card?
The Platinum Chip Credit Card has no joining fee or annual fee.
What is CVV in a Credit Card? How do I find it on my ICICI Bank Platinum Chip Credit Card?
Flip your Platinum Chip Credit Card. The three-digit Security Code next to the signature panel is your CVV (Card Verification Value). You can also check it by logging in to your iMobile app or Net Banking.
Which bank’s Credit Card should I opt for?
The ICICI Bank Platinum Chip Credit Card is an excellent choice. It has no joining fee or annual fee.
What is the age limit to apply for a Platinum Chip Credit Card?
You must be between the ages of 21-65 years to be eligible to apply for an ICICI Bank Platinum Chip Credit Card.
How to know the payment due date of the Platinum Chip Credit Card?
You can know the payment due date of your Platinum Chip Credit Card through the monthly statement, iMobile app, Net Banking or by calling our Customer Care on 1800 1080.
Which Bank issues a Credit Card at no cost?
ICICI Bank issues the Platinum Chip Credit Card without any joining fee and annual fee. For more information, call on 1800 1080.
What security features are provided by the chip and PIN?
The Credit Card comes with an embedded microchip that provides enhanced security against counterfeiting and duplication. For transactions at merchant outlets, customers must enter a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to complete the payment. However, this PIN is not required for online transactions. To know more about Chip and PIN security, please  click here .
What is the fuel surcharge waiver offered to Cardholders?
Cardholders can avail of a 1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions of ₹400 to ₹4,000 at HPCL fuel outlet in India. This benefit applies to both the primary Cardholder and the Plus (supplementary) cardholder, helping them save on regular fuel expenses. The waiver is automatically applied when the eligible transaction is completed using the Credit Card.
How do the chip and PIN improve security?
The chip and PIN provide robust protection against Card misuse by requiring a PIN for in-person transactions. This prevents unauthorized access even if the card is lost or stolen, significantly reducing the risk of fraudulent use.
When is the PIN required for transactions?
The PIN is required for transactions made on POS terminals (swipe machines) at merchant outlets in physical locations. Customers must enter their PIN on the terminal to complete the transaction securely.
Is PIN required for online transactions?
No, the PIN is not required for online transactions. Online payments can be completed without entering the PIN, but other security measures may still apply, such as OTP verification.
VIEW ALL FAQs
Blogs and Videos
Explore more blogs</p>","cardText":"", "cardLinkUrl":"/blogs/credit-card", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Blogs" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Blogs
Explore more videos</p>","cardText":"<p>Intrested to learn more?</p>", "cardLinkUrl":"/content/icicibank/in/en/online-demo", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Videos" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Videos
goto previous card
goto next card
goto previous card
goto next card
Close
Take a word from our Customers
S
Sharad Kapoor
Rating:
4.2
stars
ICICI Bank's Coral Credit Card has been my financial companion for years. The rewards program offers great value, and the discount.
S
Shushant Singh
Rating:
4.5
stars
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card has been a great companion for rewards and lifestyle perks. I’ve enjoyed free movie tickets (BOGO) via BookMyShow, milestone reward points, and 24/7 concierge services that make planning trips a breeze and hassle free! Also the dual network feature of the card provides the benefit of Visa and Amex both.
S
Soumy Dhawan
Rating:
stars
ICICI Credit Cards are surely one of the best cards out there with an unbeatable reward system. The best part, the quick services they provide.
Apply now
close exit intent modal
close disclaimer modal
Disclaimer
STAY ON THIS SITE
PROCEED