ICICI Bank HPCL Coral Credit Card – 25% Fuel Cashback
Close Modal
Close Modal
Cards
Credit Card
HPCL Coral Credit Card
HPCL Coral Credit Card
The HPCL Coral Credit Card is a must-have if you own a vehicle and frequently travel by road. Save with offers on fuel transactions, earn reward points, cashbacks and much more. This Card also has a low joining and annual fee.
Read Less
Fuel Cashbacks
Reward Points
Low Joining Fee
Know more
APPLY
SAVE
13,392 PEOPLE ARE INTERESTED
BEST FOR
Automobile Associated Benefits
Cashbacks on Fuel Payments
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
BookMyShow Offers
Reward Points
HPCL Coral Credit Card: Maximum Benefits
Save Money
Fuel surcharge waiver
Up to 3.5% savings on fuel transactions at HPCL petrol pumps
25% off up to ₹100
Get 2 monthly discounts on movie tickets through BookMyShow
Fuel surcharge waiver
Get 1% waiver on fuel transactions worth ₹400 - ₹4,000 at HPCL pumps
Earn and Use Reward Points
Earn Points on every ₹100 spend
On Retail
Spend
On Utility & Insurance
Spend
Redeem reward points for:
Health & Beauty
Travel & Luggage
Shopping Voucher
Home Appliances
Electronics
Fashion & Lifestyle
APPLY NOW
HPCL Coral Credit Card: Fees & Charges
Joining Fee & Annual Fee
Joining Fee- ₹199 + GST
Annual Fee- ₹199 + GST (Spend ₹50,000 and get your annual Fee waived off for the next year)
Forex Markup
3.5%
ATM Withdrawal
Pay interest of 3.75% per month
If only minimum due is paid
Pay interest of 3.75% per month
For late bill payment
Ranging from ₹100 to ₹1300
Most Important Terms & Conditions
Please refer to the Most Important Terms & Conditions (MITC) for other charges
Click here for applicable Terms & Conditions (T&Cs)
APPLY NOW
Things you’ll need
to apply
Eligibility
Documents
An Indian citizen, aged o<version> years
Salaried individual with a monthly income of ₹20,000
Self-employed individual with an annual income of ₹2,40,000
Identity Proof
Address Proof
Income Proof
No physical documents required
ICICI Bank Plus Card
Extend Benefits To Your Loved Ones
ICICI Bank HPCL Coral Credit Card FAQs
Is the HPCL Coral Credit Card from ICICI Bank?
Yes. The HPCL Coral Credit Card is an ICICI Bank Credit Card that helps you cut costs with cashback and savings on fuel transactions.
Is there a joining fee for the HPCL Coral Credit Card?
Yes. Joining fee of ₹199 + GST.
Is there an annual fee for the HPCL Coral Credit Card?
Yes. Annual fee of ₹199 + GST.
What is CVV on a Credit Card? How and where do I find it on my HPCL Coral Credit Card?
Flip your HPCL Coral Credit Card to view its reverse side. The three-digit security code next to the signature panel is your CVV. You can also check it by logging in to your iMobile app or Internet Banking.
Which bank has the best Credit Card?
ICICI Bank HPCL Coral Credit Card is an excellent choice and one of the best fuel credit card , offering great savings and cashbacks on fuel transactions.
What is the age limit to apply for an ICICI Bank HPCL Coral Credit Card?
You must be between the age group of 21 to 65 years to be eligible to apply for credit card and get an ICICI Bank HPCL Coral Credit Card.
How do I know the due date for my ICICI Bank HPCL Coral Credit Card bill payment?
You can find the due date in your monthly statement, the iMobile app, through Internet Banking or by contacting our Customer Care on 1800 1080.
Which bank provides a Credit Card at low rates?
You can opt for an ICICI Bank Credit Card with a seamless application process. The HPCL Coral Credit Card has low joining and annual fees. For more information, please call our Customer Care on 1800 1080.
What is the criteria for being eligible for the movie benefits offer with BookMyShow?
Starting Apr 1, 2026, to be eligible for availing complimentary tickets offer on movie/ events tickets with BookMyShow, you must spend ₹25,000 or more on your ICICI Bank HPCL Coral Credit Card within the preceding spends quarter. This entitles you to avail the offer in the following calendar quarter. Please go through the illustration below to understand spends and offer eligibility period.
Please go through the below illustration to understand the spends period along with the lounge eligibility period:
Spends period offer -  eligibility period
Spend ₹25,000 between Dec 26, 2025 and Mar 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between Apr 01, 2026 and June 30, 2026.
Spend ₹25,000 between Mar 26, 2026 and June 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between July 01, 2026 and Sep 30, 2026.
Customers with Credit Card on dual networks (Mastercard & Amex | Visa & RuPay) can avail one movie offer per month, per variant. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please click here .
Add-on/Plus card members need to individually spend ₹25,000 in the preceding spends quarter, to be eligible for the offer in the subsequent calendar quarter
Is there any cashback offer on American Express Credit Card variant while booking movie tickets on BookMyShow?
Cashback offers on the Amex variant have been revoked effective from 01 Jan 2025.
Customers can avail upfront offers while booking tickets on BookMyShow by following the steps below-
Navigate to ‘Apply Offers’ section
Click on the tab - Credit/ Debit/ Net Banking
Choose ICICI Bank Credit Card 25% Discount Offer on selected ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Enter the Card Number and click ‘Apply Offer’
Once the success message shows up, the offer will be applied on the billing page.
What are the movie ticket benefits available?
Cardholders are eligible for a 25% off on movie ticket offer worth up to ₹100 on the purchase of a minimum of two tickets through BookMyShow Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please  click here .
How can I earn cashback on fuel purchases with my ICICI Bank HPCL Coral Credit Card
Save up to 3.5% on fuel purchases at any HPCL fuel pump.
The fuel savings of 3.5% comprises of:
2.5% cashback when the card is swiped at any HPCL fuel pump (Capped at ₹100 per month).
1% fuel surcharge waiver when the card is swiped at any HPCL fuel pump using ICICI Bank POS machine.
What security features are provided by the chip and PIN?
The Credit Card comes with an embedded microchip that provides enhanced security against counterfeiting and duplication. For transactions at merchant outlets, customers must enter a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to complete the payment. However, this PIN is not required for online transactions. To know more about Chip and PIN security, please  click here .
What is the difference between the HPCL Coral Credit Card and ICICI Coral Credit Card?
The HPCL Coral Credit Card offers exclusive benefits for fuel purchases at HPCL stations, providing rewards and discounts specifically for fuel transactions. The ICICI Coral Credit Card, on the other hand, offers general rewards on a wide range of categories such as dining, shopping, and travel, but does not provide the same focus on fuel benefits.
View all FAQs
Blogs and Videos
Explore more blogs</p>","cardText":"", "cardLinkUrl":"/blogs/credit-card", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Blogs" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Blogs
Explore more videos</p>","cardText":"<p>Intrested to learn more?</p>", "cardLinkUrl":"/online-demo", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Videos" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Videos
goto previous card
goto next card
goto previous card
goto next card
Close
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience; click OK to continue or Manage to change preferences. Learn more
Manage
Accept
Close your cookie setting Modal
Your Cookie Settings
Select and switch on & off the cookie settings you are comfortable with
Essential
Always Enabled
These cookies are vital for smooth browsing, faster page loading, and ensuring the website works as it should. This feature is always active.
Performance & Statistical
On
These cookies recognize you, remember your preferences, and track site performance, ensuring proper functionality without direct identification.
Targeting
On
Targeting cookies customize your experience by showing offers that match your interests, making your visit more relevant and engaging.
Confirm
Take a word from our Customers
S
Sharad Kapoor
Rating:
4.2
stars
ICICI Bank's Coral Credit Card has been my financial companion for years. The rewards program offers great value, and the discount.
S
Shushant Singh
Rating:
4.5
stars
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card has been a great companion for rewards and lifestyle perks. I’ve enjoyed free movie tickets (BOGO) via BookMyShow, milestone reward points, and 24/7 concierge services that make planning trips a breeze and hassle free! Also the dual network feature of the card provides the benefit of Visa and Amex both.
S
Soumy Dhawan
Rating:
stars
ICICI Credit Cards are surely one of the best cards out there with an unbeatable reward system. The best part, the quick services they provide.
Apply now
close exit intent modal
close disclaimer modal
Disclaimer
STAY ON THIS SITE
PROCEED