ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card: Travel and Lifestyle Rewards
Close Modal
Enter Your Details
Card Holder's Name as per Bank records*
Select Title
Mr.
Ms.
Dr.
Mrs.
Registered Email ID*
Registered Mobile Number*
Card Type*
Select Card Type
Diamant - Master
ICICI Bank Emerald Private Metal Credit Card
ICICI Bank Emeralde Mastercard Credit Card
Times Black ICICI Bank Credit Card
Sapphiro Master PLT Chip
Rubyx Master Chip Card - Master
ICICI BANK PARAKRAM CREDIT CARD
ICICI BANK PARAKRAM SELECT CREDIT CARD
ICICI Bank Gold Card (CCSL-V)
ICICI Bank Corp Platinum Card (CCCL)
ICICI Bank CTA Card
ICICI Business AMEX ASCENT Card
ICICI Bank Amercian Expresss Essential Card
ICICI Gold Business Card (BCCL-M)
ICICI Bank Business Platinum Card
ICICI Bank Business Blue Advantage Credit Card
ICICI Bank Business Black Advantage Credit Card
I, (primary card holder) nominate the following person (details provided hereunder) to whom, in the event of my death under the circumstances as covered in the T&C of the complimentary insurance policy on my ICICI Bank Credit Card, the insurance claim amount payable may be handed over.
Note- Only one nominee details to be provided.
Enter Nominee Detail
Nominee Name*
Select Title
Mr.
Ms.
Dr.
Mrs.
Date of Birth of Nominee*
Relationship with primary card holder*
Name of Guardian (In case of minor)
Submit
Close Modal
Cards
Credit Card
Sapphiro Credit Card
Sapphiro Credit Card
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card is designed for those who love to indulge in travel and lifestyle experiences. Enjoy Welcome Vouchers, Milestone Benefits, International & Domestic Airport Lounge access, Air Accident Insurance, and Concierge Services. Plus, get BookMyShow discounts, making entertainment more rewarding.
Read Less
Lounge Access
Golf Rounds
BookMyShow Offers
Know more
APPLY
SAVE
159,260 PEOPLE ARE INTERESTED
BEST FOR
Premium Lifestyle Offers
Welcome Vouchers
International Airport Lounge Access
Domestic Airport Lounge Access
Buy One Get One offer on BookMyShow
Sapphiro Credit Card: Maximum Benefits
Save Money
Vouchers worth over ₹13,000
Get Welcome Vouchers from Tata CLiQ, EazyDiner, Da Milano, EaseMyTrip & Tata Croma. To know more, click here
Annually
Get 2 complimentary International airport lounge access
Quarterly
Get 4 Domestic airport lounge access. Click here for lounge list
Twice every month
Buy one ticket & get up to ₹500 off on the second ticket through BookMyShow
Up to ₹3 crore
Get an Air Accident Insurance cover.
Click here to update your Nominee details. Click here for T&Cs
24/7 Concierge Service
Get round-the-clock concierge assistance by calling the toll-free number 18002670731
Up to 4 rounds
Get complimentary golf rounds every month, Click here for list of Golf Courses
Milestone Benefits
Get 4,000 reward points on ₹4 lakh spend & 2,000 for every additional ₹1 lakh spend, upto 20,000 RPs in an anniversary year.
₹2 lakh Insurance
Get a Personal Accident Insurance Cover (Rupay Variant)
24x7 Concierge Service
Get round-the-clock assistance. To contact the Concierge team, please call 1800-26-78729(Rupay Variant)
Fuel surcharge waiver
Get 1% waiver on fuel transactions of up to ₹4,000 at all fuel pumps
Earn and Use Reward Points
Earn Points on every ₹100 spend
On International Spend
On Domestic
Spend
On Utility and Insurance Spend
Redeem reward points for:
Health and Beauty
Travel and Luggage
Shopping Voucher
Home Appliances
Electronics
Fashion and Lifestyle
Apply now
Sapphiro Credit Card: Fees and Charges
Joining Fee and Annual Fee
Joining fee- ₹6,500 + GST
Annual fee- ₹3,500 + GST (Spend over ₹6 lakh and get your Annual Fee waived off for the next year)
Forex Markup
3.5%
ATM Withdrawal
Pay 3.75% interest per month
If only minimum due is paid
Pay 3.75% interest per month
For late bill payment
Ranging from ₹100 to ₹1,300
Most Important Terms & Conditions
Please refer to the Most Important Terms & Conditions (MITC) for other charges
Click here for applicable Terms & Conditions (T&Cs)
Things you’ll need
to apply
Eligibility
Documents
An Indian citizen o<version> years of age
A salaried individual with a monthly income of ₹75,000
Self-employed individual with an annual income of ₹9,00,000
Proof of identity
Proof of address
Income Proof
No physical documents required
ICICI Bank Plus Card
Extend benefits to your loved ones
Sapphiro Credit Card FAQs
What is the ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card best used for?
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card is best used for travel and lifestyle expenses. It has a wide range of offers like complimentary Airport Lounge access, BookMyShow offers, Welcome Vouchers and much more!
Is there a joining fee and Annual fee for the Sapphiro Credit Card?
Yes. The Sapphiro Credit Card has a joining fee of ₹6,500 + GST and annual fee of ₹3,500 + GST.
When will I get the joining benefits for the Sapphiro Credit Card?
You will receive an e-mail regarding the same within 45 business days after the payment of the joining fee.
What is included in the joining benefit vouchers?
Upon payment of the joining fee, Cardholders will receive welcome vouchers worth over ₹13,000 within 45 days. There are vouchers worth ₹3,000 from Tata CliQ, ₹4,000 from EaseMyTrip (4 vouchers of ₹1,000 each), ₹5,000 from Da Milano, ₹1,500 from Croma (3 vouchers of ₹500 each) and an EazyDiner Prime Membership (3 months’ subscription) worth ₹1,095.
To know more about redemption of vouchers, click here
For other terms and conditions,  click here .
How can I claim my joining benefit vouchers?
Step 1: Log in to ICICI Bank Rewards
•  iMobile App:
Open iMobile 🡪 Cards & Forex 🡪 Select Credit Card 🡪 Redeem 🡪 Joining Benefit
•  Net Banking:
Log in 🡪 Cards 🡪 Credit cards 🡪 Select Credit Card 🡪 Redeem 🡪 Joining Benefit
Step 2: On the ICICI Bank Rewards site, click on the ‘Sapphiro Welcome Benefit’ tab to open the benefits page
Step 3: Select your vouchers
Tap on ‘Add’ against any voucher
Choose the quantity
Tap on ‘Claim Now’
Verify with OTP (choose SMS or e-mail)
Give consent and tap on ‘Generate OTP’
Enter the OTP received and tap on ‘Submit’. The full voucher code and PIN will be shared on your registered e-mail ID
You can view your claimed vouchers at: Order History → Tap voucher → Show Code (OTP required again) → View your voucher code & PIN
For details and T&Cs click here
Can I make an online purchase with the ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card?
Yes. You can easily make online purchases across India and in select overseas stores using the ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card.
How to avail Complimentary International Airport lounge access?
Enjoy 2 complimentary international airport lounge access visits with ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card. Complimentary benefits are applicable only for the primary cardholder.
The following applies to an ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card customer who has applied for the card on or after 15 November 2024.
Priority Pass Membership
Complimentary Priority Pass Membership for the primary cardholder with ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card
Access 1,400+ lounges in 145+ countries worldwide
Present your Priority Pass Membership Card at the participating international lounges.
For complete list of international airport lounges visit https://www.prioritypass.com/airport-lounges
What are the criteria for availing domestic airport lounge access?
To enjoy domestic airport lounge access, you must spend ₹75,000 or more on your Sapphiro Credit Card in a calendar quarter. This entitles you to avail the lounge access benefit in the following calendar quarter. The benefit is exclusively applicable to the primary Cardholder.
For customers with dual Credit Card variants (MasterCard and Amex), the entitlement includes 2 domestic lounge visits per quarter for each variant.
Please note that the airport lounge access benefit is available only for primary Cardholders. For more details on the criteria,  click here . To view the complete list of lounges,  click here .
What are the golf privileges and eligibility criteria?
As a Sapphiro Credit Cardholder, you are eligible for a round or lesson of golf for every ₹50,000 spent on retail purchases in the previous calendar month. You can avail of a maximum of 4 rounds per month. The benefit can be booked through the Golftripz website. Simply visit https://teetimes.truztee.com/ and create a Golftripz account using the same e-mail ID as registered against your ICICI Bank Credit Card. Benefits will be credited to your account by the 10th day of the following month, available for use in the next two months.
To view the updated list of golf courses, please  click here . For complete details on the Golf programme and the associated terms and conditions, please  click here . You may also call iAssist, the 24/7 concierge service on 1800-26-70731 (toll free for MTNL or BSNL lines) or 022-67872016 (standard call charges applicable) for assistance with online booking.
How do I make the booking for Golf Rounds?
Eligible ICICI Bank Credit Card members can book their Golf Rounds by following the below steps:
Log in to the ICICI Bank Golf platform https://teetimes.truztee.com/ with your registered mobile number.
Choose your preferred golf course and select your preferred date and tee time.
Submit your booking request and await confirmation.
Check your Booking History to view all bookings and details.
You may also call i-Assist, our 24X7 concierge service on 1800 26 70731 (toll free for MTNL/BSNL lines) or 022 6787 2016 (standard call charges applicable), for assistance with online booking. An authorisation amount of ₹2 shall be taken for each eligible Card.
What is the criteria for being eligible for the movie benefits offer with BookMyShow?
Starting Apr 1, 2026, to be eligible for availing complimentary tickets offer on movie/ events tickets with BookMyShow, you must spend ₹25,000 or more on your Sapphiro Credit Card within the preceding spends quarter. This entitles you to avail the offer in the following calendar quarter. Please go through the illustration below to understand spends and offer eligibility period.
Please go through the below illustration to understand the spends period along with the lounge eligibility period:
Spends period offer - eligibility period
Spend ₹25,000 between Dec 26, 2025 and Mar 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between Apr 01, 2026 and June 30, 2026.
Spend ₹25,000 between Mar 26, 2026 and June 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between July 01, 2026 and Sep 30, 2026.
Customers with Credit Card on dual networks (Mastercard & Amex | Visa & RuPay) can avail one movie offer per month, per variant. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please  click here .
Plus (Add-On) Card members need to individually spend ₹25,000 in the preceding spends quarter, to be eligible for the offer in the subsequent calendar quarter
Is there any cashback offer on American Express Credit Card variant while booking movie tickets on BookMyShow?
Cashback offers on the Amex variant have been revoked effective from 01 Jan 2025.
Customers can avail upfront offers while booking tickets on BookMyShow by following the steps below-
Navigate to ‘Apply Offers’ section
Click on the tab - Credit/ Debit/ Net Banking
Choose ICICI Bank Complimentary tickets offer on selected ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Enter the Card Number and click ‘Apply Offer’
Once the success message shows up, the offer will be applied on the billing page.
What are the key features of the concierge services offered?
The concierge services provide 24/7 support for varied needs such as restaurant reservations, flower and gift deliveries, hotel and flight bookings, car rentals and even movie ticket delivery. Additionally, the service offers emergency auto assistance and medical concierge support, ensuring comprehensive assistance during emergencies. Contact i-Assist for access to these services. To contact the i-Assist team, please call 1800 26 70731 (toll free for MTNL/BSNL) or 022 6787 2016 (standard call charges applicable).
What Air Accident Insurance coverage is provided to Cardholders?
The primary Cardholder is entitled to Air Accident Insurance coverage of ₹3 crore. This benefit applies only when the Card has been used at least once in the 60 days prior to the event. Note that the insurance covers international travel only, provided that the tickets were purchased using the Credit Card. Supplementary Cardholders are not eligible for this insurance coverage. For more details on the terms and conditions of the insurance cover on ICICI Bank Credit Cards, please  click here .
What fraud protection benefits are available to Cardholders?
Cardholders are protected against fraudulent transactions with Counterfeit Card Liability, ensuring coverage against unauthorised usage. Additionally, the Card provides an Account Takeover Cover, which safeguards you in case your personal information is accessed or misused by a third party without your consent.
What is the fuel surcharge waiver offered to Cardholders?
Cardholders can avail of a 1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions of up to ₹4,000 at any fuel outlet in India. This benefit applies to both the primary Cardholder and the Plus (Add-On) cardholder, helping them save on regular fuel expenses. The waiver is automatically applied when the eligible transaction is completed using the Credit Card.
How can I avoid the annual fee of the ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card?
If you spend over ₹6 lakh, you can get your annual fee waived off for the next year.
What is CVV in a Credit Card? How do I find the CVV in my Sapphiro Credit Card?
Flip your Sapphiro Credit Card. The three-digit security code next to the signature panel is your CVV. You can also check it by logging in to your ICICI Bank's iMobile app or Net Banking.
Which bank’s Credit Card should I opt for?
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card is an excellent choice. It offers premium perks like Reward Points, complimentary airport lounge access, buy one get one offer on BookMyShow and welcome offers from Uber, EaseMyTrip, Croma, Tata CLiQ and more.
What is the age limit to apply for Sapphiro Credit Card?
You must be between the ages of 21 and 65 years to be eligible to apply for the ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card.
How do I know the Due Date of an ICICI Bank Credit Card?
You can find your ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card’s Due Date on your monthly statement, on the ICICI Bank's iMobile app, through Net Banking or by calling our Customer Care on 1800 1080.
What security features are provided by the chip and PIN?
The Credit Card comes with an embedded microchip that provides enhanced security against counterfeiting and duplication. For transactions at merchant outlets, customers must enter a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to complete the payment. However, this PIN is not required for online transactions. To know more about Chip and PIN security, please  click here .
What are the differences between the ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card’s Amex and Mastercard variants?
The core benefits remain the same. Differences are mainly in card network acceptance, lounge access allocation per variant, and select merchant offers based on Amex or Mastercard.
Is the ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card suitable for frequent travellers in 2026?
Yes, the ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card offers travel-related features such as lounge access and reward points , subject to eligibility and applicable terms.
What is the minimum credit limit for the ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card?
The credit limit is assigned based on income, credit profile, and internal assessment criteria defined by ICICI Bank.
View all FAQs
Blogs and Videos
Explore more blogs</p>","cardText":"", "cardLinkUrl":"/content/icicibank/in/en/blogs/credit-card", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Blogs" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Blogs
Explore more videos</p>","cardText":"<p>Intrested to learn more?</p>", "cardLinkUrl":"/content/icicibank/in/en/online-demo", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Videos" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Videos
goto previous card
goto next card
goto previous card
goto next card
Close
Take a word from our Customers
S
Shushant Singh
Rating:
4.2
stars
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card has been a great companion for rewards and lifestyle perks. I’ve enjoyed free movie tickets (BOGO) via BookMyShow, milestone reward points, and 24/7 concierge services that make planning trips a breeze and hassle-free! Also the dual network feature of the card provides the benefit of both Visa and Amex.
S
Sharad Kapoor
Rating:
4.5
stars
ICICI Bank's Coral Credit Card has been my financial companion for years. The rewards program offers great value, and the discount.
A
Apoorv Gupta
Rating:
stars
The ICICI Bank Platinum Credit Card is a true gem. The lifestyle benefits include complimentary airport lounge access and travel vouchers.
Apply now
close exit intent modal
We value your feedback!
Thank you for using our Website. Please share your valuable feedback on your website experience.
MAYBE LATER
GIVE FEEDBACK
Turn on website notifications to get special offers, feature updates and<br>
important alerts.</p>
" data-blocknotification="<p>As your browser notifications are blocked. Please follow these steps to enable them:</p>
<ul>
<li>Click on the icon at the beginning of the URL bar.</li>
<li>Select "Reset permissions" or "Allow notifications"</li>
</ul>
" data-blockmessage="<p>Message Delivery- Notifications are Blocked!</p>
">
Turn on website notifications to get special offers, feature updates and
important alerts.
OK
Notification
As your browser notifications are blocked. Please follow these steps to enable them:
Click on the icon at the beginning of the URL bar.
Select "Reset permissions" or "Allow notifications"
OK
close disclaimer modal
Disclaimer
STAY ON THIS SITE
PROCEED