Expressions Credit Card - Personalise Your Card
Close Modal
Close Modal
Cards
Credit Card
Expressions Credit Card
Expressions
Credit Card
With the ICICI Bank Expressions Credit Card, personalize your card to match your style while enjoying exciting benefits. Get complimentary airport lounge access, reward points on spends, milestone rewards, and a fuel surcharge waiver—all at a low joining and annual fee. Enrich your family moments with movie benefits on BookMyShow.
Read Less
Custom Card design
Airport Lounge
Reward Points
Know more
APPLY
SAVE
2,856 PEOPLE ARE INTERESTED
BEST FOR
Custom Design Credit Card
Credit Card with Custom Image
Airport Lounge Access
BookMyShow and INOX offers
Rewards and offers
Expressions Credit Card: Maximum Benefits
Save Money
175+ pre-installed templates
Choose a card image from themes like Zodiac, Sports, Travel and more. Click here
25% off, up to ₹100
Get 2 monthly discounts on movie tickets through INOX & BookMyShow
Quarterly
Get 1 domestic airport lounge access
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Get 1% waiver on fuel transactions worth ₹400 - ₹4,000 at HPCL pumps
Earn and Use Reward Points
Earn Points on every ₹100 spend
On Retail
Spend
On Utility and Insurance Spend
Redeem reward points for:
Health and Beauty
Travel and Luggage
Shopping Voucher
Home Appliances
Electronics
Fashion and Lifestyle
Expressions Credit Card: Fee and charges
Joining Fee
₹499 + GST
Annual Fee
₹499 + GST (Spend over ₹1.5 lakh and get your annual fee waived off for the next year)
ATM withdrawal
Pay 3.75% interest per month
If only minimum payment is made
Pay 3.75% interest per month
For late bill payment
Late payment fee from ₹100 to ₹1,300 (depending on outstanding amount)
Most Important Terms & Conditions
Please refer to the Most Important Terms & Conditions (MITC) for other charges
Click Here for Image Upload Guidelines
VIEW TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Things you’ll need
to apply
Eligibility
Documents
An Indian citizen o<version> years of age
Proof of identity
Proof of address
Income Proof
No physical documents required
ICICI Bank Plus Card
Extend Benefits To Your Loved Ones
Expressions Credit Card FAQs
Does the Expressions Credit Card provide discounts on movie tickets?
Yes, the Expressions Credit Card provides a ₹100 discount on the purchase of two movie tickets at BookMShow and INOX. You can avail this offer twice a month.
Is an Expressions Credit Card free?
No, the card has a joining fee of ₹499 and an annual fee of ₹499.
What does CVV stand for in a Credit Card? How do I find it in my Expressions Credit Card?
Flip your Expressions Credit Card to the back. The three-digit security code next to the signature panel is your CVV. You can also check it by logging in to your ICICI Bank's iMobile app or Net Banking.
Which Bank’s Credit Card is considered to be the best?
If you’re looking for one of the best Credit Cards, then ICICI Bank’s Expressions Credit Card is an excellent choice for you. It offers custom Credit Card designs, so your card can reflect your unique personality.
What is the age limit for an Expressions Credit Card?
You must be in the age group of 21 – 65 years to be eligible for an ICICI Bank Expressions Credit Card
How can I find out the due date of an ICICI Bank Credit Card?
You can find your ICICI Bank Expressions Credit Card due date on your monthly statement, in the iMobile app, through Internet Banking or by contacting Customer Care on 1800 1080.
Which Bank allows Credit Card image customisation easily?
You can opt for ICICI Bank, as it offers a seamless application process. The Expressions Credit Card has an option to select the card image. For more information about the application process, call 1800 1080.
What are ICICI Bank Credit Card Reward Points?
If you’re a Credit Cardholder, you will earn ICICI Bank Reward Points on certain spending. These points can be redeemed through the Reward catalogue on the Bank's website or by logging in to the ICICI Bank's iMobile app. You can use them to purchase vouchers, offers, e-gift cards and more.
What are the criteria for availing domestic lounge access?
To enjoy domestic lounge access, you must spend ₹ 75,000 or more on Expressions Credit Card in a calendar quarter. This entitles you to avail the lounge access benefit in the following calendar quarter. The benefit is exclusively applicable to the primary Cardholder.
Please note that the airport lounge access benefit is available only for primary Cardholders. For more details on the criteria,  click here . To view the complete list of lounges,  click here .
What is the criteria for being eligible for the movie benefits offer with BookMyShow?
Starting Apr 1, 2026, to be eligible for availing complimentary tickets offer on movie/ events tickets with BookMyShow, you must spend ₹25,000 or more on your Expressions Credit Card within the preceding spends quarter. This entitles you to avail the offer in the following calendar quarter. Please go through the illustration below to understand spends and offer eligibility period.
Please go through the below illustration to understand the spends period along with the lounge eligibility period:
Spends period offer -  eligibility period
Spend ₹25,000 between Dec 26, 2025 and Mar 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between Apr 01, 2026 and June 30, 2026.
Spend ₹25,000 between Mar 26, 2026 and June 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between July 01, 2026 and Sep 30, 2026.
Customers with Credit Card on dual networks (Mastercard & Amex | Visa & RuPay) can avail one movie offer per month, per variant. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please click here .
Add-on/Plus card members need to individually spend ₹25,000 in the preceding spends quarter, to be eligible for the offer in the subsequent calendar quarter
Is there any cashback offer on American Express Credit Card variant while booking movie tickets on BookMyShow?
Cashback offers on the Amex variant have been revoked effective from 01 Jan 2025.
Customers can avail upfront offers while booking tickets on BookMyShow by following the steps below-
Navigate to ‘Apply Offers’ section
Click on the tab - Credit/ Debit/ Net Banking
Choose ICICI Bank Credit Card 25% Discount Offer on selected ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Enter the Card Number and click ‘Apply Offer’
Once the success message shows up, the offer will be applied on the billing page.
What are the movie ticket benefits available?
Cardholders are eligible for a 25% off on movie ticket offer worth up to ₹ 100 on the purchase of a minimum of two tickets. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please  click here .
What fraud protection benefits are available to Cardholders?
Cardholders are protected against fraudulent transactions with Counterfeit Card Liability, ensuring coverage against unauthorised usage. Additionally, the Card provides an Account Takeover Cover, which safeguards you in case your personal information is accessed or misused by a third party without your consent.
What security features are provided by the chip and PIN?
The Credit Card comes with an embedded microchip that provides enhanced security against counterfeiting and duplication. For transactions at merchant outlets, customers must enter a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to complete the payment. However, this PIN is not required for online transactions. To know more about Chip and PIN security, please  click here
What is the fuel surcharge waiver offered to Cardholders?
Cardholders can avail of a 1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions worth ₹400 – ₹4,000 at HPCL pumps. This benefit applies to both the primary Cardholder and the Plus (supplemental) cardholder, helping them save on regular fuel expenses. The waiver is automatically applied when the eligible transaction is completed using the Credit Card.
View all FAQs
Blogs and Videos
Explore more blogs</p>","cardText":"", "cardLinkUrl":"/content/icicibank/in/en/blogs/credit-card", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Blogs" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Blogs
Explore more videos</p>","cardText":"<p>Intrested to learn more?</p>", "cardLinkUrl":"/content/icicibank/in/en/online-demo", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Videos" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Videos
goto previous card
goto next card
goto previous card
goto next card
Close
Take a word from our Customers
S
Sharad Kapoor
Rating:
4.2
stars
ICICI Bank's Coral Credit Card has been my financial companion for years. The rewards program offers great value, and the discount.
R
Rishab Jain
Rating:
4.5
stars
I can't say enough good things about ICICI Bank's Amazon Pay Credit Card. The cashback rewards on Amazon purchase.
S
Shushant Singh
Rating:
stars
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card has been a great companion for rewards and lifestyle perks. I’ve enjoyed free movie tickets (BOGO) via BookMyShow, milestone reward points, and 24/7 concierge services that make planning trips a breeze and hassle-free! Also the dual network feature of the card provides the benefit of Visa and Amex both.
ICICI Bank Plus Card
Extend Benefits To Your Loved Ones
close disclaimer modal
Disclaimer
STAY ON THIS SITE
PROCEED