Apply for Emirates Skywards Rubyx Credit Card | ICICI Bank
Close Modal
Close Modal
Cards
Credit Card
Emirates Skywards Credit Card
Emirates Rubyx Credit Card
Emirates Rubyx Credit Card
Elevate every journey with the Emirates Rubyx Credit Card. Earn Skywards Miles, enjoy domestic airport lounge access, entertainment deals and exclusive benefits with this affordable credit card.
Read Less
Movie Ticket Discount
Skywards Miles
Lounge Access
Know more
SAVE
6,249 PEOPLE ARE INTERESTED
Best For
Frequent Flyers
Airport Lounge Access
Save up to 10% on Emirates flights
BookMyShow and INOX offers
Dining discounts
Emirates Rubyx Credit Card: Benefits
Save Money
Promo Code
Get upto 10% Discount on Emirates flight bookings using the promo code INICI26 via Emirates.com, Click here to know more
Quarterly
Domestic lounge access on a minimum spend of ₹75,000 in the previous quarter, Click here for lounge list
25%off up to ₹100
Get discounts on movie tickets each on BookMyShow and INOX, twice a month
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Get 1% waiver on fuel transactions worth ₹400 - ₹4,000 at all fuel pumps
Earn and Use Reward Points
Earn Emirates Skyward miles on every ₹100 spend
On International Spend
On Domestic
Spend
Your miles will be credited to your Emirates Skywards account at the end of the billing cycle
Emirates Rubyx Credit Card: Fees and Charges
Joining Fee
₹1,000 + GST
Annual Fee
₹1,000 + GST
ATM Withdrawal
Pay 3.75% interest per month
If only minimum due is paid
Pay 3.75% interest per month
For late bill payment
Ranging from ₹100 to ₹1300
Most Important Terms & Conditions
Please refer to the Most Important Terms & Conditions (MITC) for other charges.
Click here for applicable Terms & Conditions (T&Cs)
Things you’ll need
to apply
Eligibility
Documents
You are an Indian citizen o<version> years of age
A salaried individual with a monthly income of ₹75,000
Self-employed individual with an annual income of at ₹9,00,000
Identity Proof
Address Proof
Income Proof
Note: We are currently not accepting applications for Emirates Rubyx Credit card
ICICI Bank Plus Card
Extend Benefits To Your Loved Ones
Emirates Rubyx Credit Card FAQs
What are the ways to get an Emirates Rubyx Credit Card?
You can apply online through the ICICI Bank website or by visiting an ICICI Bank branch.
Does Emirates Rubyx Credit Card offer international airport lounge access?
No, the Emirates Rubyx Credit Card offers 1 complimentary domestic lounge visit per quarter. and is available only on a spend of ₹75,000 in the preceding quarter.
How can I avail discount on Emirates flight bookings using my ICICI Bank Emirates Rubyx Credit Card?
To avail upto 10% discount on Emirates flight bookings, please follow the below steps
Visit www.emirates.com or open the Emirates App.
Click on “Book Now”
Enter promo code “INICI26” before searching for flights.
Complete your booking using your Emirates Skywards ICICI Bank Rubyx Credit Card at the time of payment.
How can I redeem the Skywards Miles earned?
You can redeem the miles for flight bookings, upgrades, hotel stays, and more through Emirates and its partners.
Does Emirates Rubyx Credit Card offer an annual fee waiver?
No, the annual card charges cannot be waived. However, the complimentary Emirates Skywards Blue Tier Membership gets automatically renewed after the annual fee payment.
What is the criteria for being eligible for the movie benefits offer with BookMyShow?
Starting Apr 1, 2026, to be eligible for availing complimentary tickets offer on movie/ events tickets with BookMyShow, you must spend ₹25,000 or more on your Emirates Rubyx Credit Card within the preceding spends quarter. This entitles you to avail the offer in the following calendar quarter. Please go through the illustration below to understand spends and offer eligibility period.
Please go through the below illustration to understand the spends period along with the lounge eligibility period:
Spends period offer -  eligibility period
Spend ₹25,000 between Dec 26, 2025 and Mar 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between Apr 01, 2026 and June 30, 2026.
Spend ₹25,000 between Mar 26, 2026 and June 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between July 01, 2026 and Sep 30, 2026.
Customers with Credit Card on dual networks (Mastercard & Amex | Visa & RuPay) can avail one movie offer per month, per variant. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please click here .
Add-on/Plus card members need to individually spend ₹25,000 in the preceding spends quarter, to be eligible for the offer in the subsequent calendar quarter
Is there any cashback offer on American Express Credit Card variant while booking movie tickets on BookMyShow?
Cashback offers on the Amex variant have been revoked effective from 01 Jan 2025.
Customers can avail upfront offers while booking tickets on BookMyShow by following the steps below-
Navigate to ‘Apply Offers’ section
Click on the tab - Credit/ Debit/ Net Banking
Choose ICICI Bank Credit Card 25% Discount Offer on selected ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Enter the Card Number and click ‘Apply Offer’
Once the success message shows up, the offer will be applied on the billing page.
What are the entertainment and lifestyle benefits of this card?
You can avail of discounts while dining out in select restaurants and movie ticket bookings.
How is the maximum credit limit for the Emirates Rubyx credit card determined?
The credit limit is determined by the bank and depends on several factors like your credit score, income, and repayment history.
Who is this card best suited for?
You are a frequent Emirates flyer and want to earn Skywards Miles on your spending, but are looking for an affordable credit card with valuable benefits.
Blogs and Videos
Explore more blogs</p>","cardText":"", "cardLinkUrl":"/content/icicibank/in/en/blogs/credit-card", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Blogs" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Blogs
Explore more videos</p>","cardText":"<p>Intrested to learn more?</p>", "cardLinkUrl":"/content/icicibank/in/en/online-demo", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Videos" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Videos
goto previous card
goto next card
goto previous card
goto next card
Close
Take a word from our Customers
S
Sharad Kapoor
Rating:
4.2
stars
ICICI Bank's Coral Credit Card has been my financial companion for years. The rewards program offers great value, and the discount.
R
Rishab Jain
Rating:
4.5
stars
I can't say enough good things about ICICI Bank's Amazon Pay Credit Card. The cashback rewards on Amazon purchase.
S
Shushant Singh
Rating:
stars
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card has been a great companion for rewards and lifestyle perks. I’ve enjoyed free movie tickets (BOGO) via BookMyShow, milestone reward points, and 24/7 concierge services that make planning trips a breeze and hassle free! Also the dual network feature of the card provides the benefit of Visa and Amex both.
close disclaimer modal
Disclaimer
STAY ON THIS SITE
PROCEED