Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card
Close Modal
Close Modal
Cards
Credit Card
Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card
Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card
The Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card is a perfect choice for cricket enthusiasts. It allows you to avail joining benefits, monthly rewards and exclusive Chennai Super Kings experiences.
Read Less
Movie Tickets
Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Reward Points
Know more
SAVE
2,028 PEOPLE ARE INTERESTED
BEST FOR
Cricket Enthusiasts
Autographed merchandise
BookMyShow & INOX offers
Airport lounge access
Fuel surcharge waiver
Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card: Maximum Benefits
Save Money
Meet and Greet
Exclusive Meet and Greet session with select players
Autographed merchandise
Monthly top spenders will receive a marquee player's autographed memorabilia
Annually
Get 4 domestic airport lounge accesses per year
25% off up to ₹100
Get 25% off up to ₹100 on BookMyShow & INOX, twice every month
Complimentary tickets
Get complimentary tickets to a CSK home match
Joining benefits
Get 2,000 ICICI Bank Reward Points as a joining and renewal gift
Reward Points
Earn up to 10 Reward Points on all retail spends (except fuel) on CSK match days
Fuel waiver
Avail 1% fuel surcharge waiver at all HPCL petrol pumps
Annually
Receive an annual fee waiver on spending more than ₹1,50,000 per year
Earn and Use Reward Points
Earn Points on every ₹100 spend
On Match Day
Spend
On Domestic
Spend
On Utility & Insurance Spend
Redeem reward points for:
Health & Beauty
Travel & Luggage
Shopping Voucher
Home Appliances
Electronics
Fashion & Lifestyle
Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card: Fees & Charges
Joining fee & Annual fee
Joining fee- ₹500 + GST
Annual fee- ₹500 + GST (Spend over ₹1.5 lakh and get annual fee waived off for the next year)
Forex Markup
3.5%
ATM withdrawal
Pay 3.75% interest per month
If only minimum due is paid
Pay 3.75% interest per month
For Late Bill Payment
Ranging from ₹100 to ₹1300
Most Important Terms & Conditions
Please refer to the Most Important Terms & Conditions (MITC) for other charges.
Click here for applicable Terms & Conditions (T&Cs)
Things you’ll need
to apply
Eligibility
Documents
An Indian citizen o<version> years of age
A salaried individual with a monthly income of ₹20,000
Self-employed with an annual income of at least ₹2,40,000
Identity Proof
Address Proof
Income Proof
Note: We are no longer accepting applications for Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card.
Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card: FAQs
What is the Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card?
The Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card is designed for cricket enthusiasts. You will get benefits like complimentary match tickets, Meet and Greet sessions with players and a chance to attend a training session.
What are the benefits of the Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card?
It offers benefits such as fuel surcharge waiver, complimentary match tickets, ICICI Bank Reward Points and Meet and Greet sessions with top players.
How to apply for the Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card online?
You can visit the ICICI Bank website and choose the Card you want to apply for, follow the steps and complete your application. The Card will be issued in a few working days.
What is the joining fee for the Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card?
The joining fee for the Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card is ₹500 + GST.
What are the joining benefits of the Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card?
You will receive 2,000 ICICI Bank Reward Points as a joining and renewal gift.
What are the annual benefits of the Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card?
You will receive an annual fee waiver on spending more than ₹1,50,000 in the previous year.
What exclusive benefits can I get with this Card?
A chance to meet your favourite cricket players, attend a training session of the CSK team and receive autographed merchandise from a marquee player.
How can I earn Reward Points on this card?
You can easily earn 10 Reward Points on every ₹100 spent (except fuel) on CSK match days. You can redeem these points for gifts and rewards.
What exclusive benefits can a top spender enjoy with the Chennai Super Kings Credit Card?
The top spender gets the following exclusive benefits:
An exclusive meet-and-greet session with select players
An opportunity to attend a practice session with the Chennai Super Kings team
Complimentary tickets to a Chennai Super Kings home match, during the playing season.
To know more about the Top Spender campaign, click here .
What are the criteria for availing domestic lounge access?
To enjoy domestic lounge access, you must spend ₹75,000 or more on your Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card in a calendar quarter. This entitles you to avail the lounge access benefit in the following calendar quarter. The benefit is exclusively applicable to the primary Cardholder.
Please note that the airport lounge access benefit is available only for primary Cardholders. For more details on the criteria, click here. To view the complete list of lounges,  click here .
What is the criteria for being eligible for the movie benefits offer with BookMyShow?
Starting Apr 1, 2026, to be eligible for availing complimentary tickets offer on movie/ events tickets with BookMyShow, you must spend ₹25,000 or more on your Chennai Super Kings ICICI Bank Credit Card within the preceding spends quarter. This entitles you to avail the offer in the following calendar quarter. Please go through the illustration below to understand spends and offer eligibility period.
Please go through the below illustration to understand the spends period along with the lounge eligibility period:
Spends period offer -  eligibility period
Spend ₹25,000 between Dec 26, 2025 and Mar 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between Apr 01, 2026 and June 30, 2026.
Spend ₹25,000 between Mar 26, 2026 and June 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between July 01, 2026 and Sep 30, 2026.
Customers with Credit Card on dual networks (Mastercard & Amex | Visa & RuPay) can avail one movie offer per month, per variant. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please click here .
Add-on/Plus card members need to individually spend ₹25,000 in the preceding spends quarter, to be eligible for the offer in the subsequent calendar quarter
Is there any cashback offer on American Express Credit Card variant while booking movie tickets on BookMyShow?
Cashback offers on the Amex variant have been revoked effective from 01 Jan 2025.
Customers can avail upfront offers while booking tickets on BookMyShow by following the steps below-
Navigate to ‘Apply Offers’ section
Click on the tab - Credit/ Debit/ Net Banking
Choose ICICI Bank Credit Card 25% Discount Offer on selected ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Enter the Card Number and click ‘Apply Offer’
Once the success message shows up, the offer will be applied on the billing page.
What are the movie ticket benefits available?
Cardholders are eligible for a 25% off on movie ticket offer worth up to ₹100 on the purchase of a minimum of two tickets. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please  click here .
What fraud protection benefits are available to Cardholders?
Cardholders are protected against fraudulent transactions with Counterfeit Card Liability, ensuring coverage against unauthorised usage. Additionally, the Card provides an Account Takeover Cover, which safeguards you in case your personal information is accessed or misused by a third party without your consent.
What security features are provided by the chip and PIN?
The Credit Card comes with an embedded microchip that provides enhanced security against counterfeiting and duplication. For transactions at merchant outlets, customers must enter a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to complete the payment. However, this PIN is not required for online transactions. To know more about Chip and PIN security, please click here
What is the fuel surcharge waiver offered to Cardholders?
Cardholders can avail of a 1% fuel surcharge waiver on all fuel transactions of up to ₹4,000 at any fuel outlet in India. This benefit applies to both the primary Cardholder and the Plus (supplemental) cardholder, helping them save on regular fuel expenses. The waiver is automatically applied when the eligible transaction is completed using the Credit Card.
VIEW ALL FAQS
Blogs and Videos
Explore more blogs</p>","cardText":"", "cardLinkUrl":"/blogs/credit-card", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Blogs" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Blogs
Explore more videos</p>","cardText":"<p>Intrested to learn more?</p>", "cardLinkUrl":"/online-demo", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Videos" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Videos
goto previous card
goto next card
goto previous card
goto next card
Close
Take a word from our Customers
S
Sharad Kapoor
Rating:
4.2
stars
ICICI Bank's Coral Credit Card has been my financial companion for years. The rewards program offers great value, and the discount.
R
Rishab Jain
Rating:
4.5
stars
I can't say enough good things about ICICI Bank's Amazon Pay Credit Card. The cashback rewards on Amazon purchase.
S
Shushant Singh
Rating:
stars
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card has been a great companion for rewards and lifestyle perks. I’ve enjoyed free movie tickets (BOGO) via BookMyShow, milestone reward points, and 24/7 concierge services that make planning trips a breeze and hassle free! Also the dual network feature of the card provides the benefit of Visa and Amex both.
close disclaimer modal
Disclaimer
STAY ON THIS SITE
PROCEED