ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card – Your First Step to Financial Freedom
Close Modal
Close Modal
Cards
Credit Card
Coral Credit Card
ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card
The ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card offers lounge access, reward points on spends and concierge services (RuPay variant). You also get personal accident insurance (RuPay variant) and BookMyShow offers, ensuring a rewarding experience with every spend.
Read Less
Lounge Access
BookMyShow Offers
INOX Offers
Know more
APPLY
SAVE
81,912 PEOPLE ARE INTERESTED
BEST FOR
Everyday or on-the-go spends
BookMyShow Offers
Fuel Waivers
Milestone Rewards
Personal Accident Insurance
Coral Credit Card: Maximum benefits
Save Money
Quarterly
Get 1 domestic airport lounge access. Click here for lounge list
Annually
Get 4 complimentary railway lounge access, Click here for lounge list
25% off up to ₹100
Get discounts on movie tickets each on BookMyShow and INOX, twice a month
Fuel surcharge waiver
Get 1% waiver on fuel transactions worth ₹400 – ₹4,000 at Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) pumps*
Milestone Benefits
Get 2,000 reward points on ₹2 lakh spend and 1,000 for every additional ₹1 lakh spend (max 10,000 points per Anniversary year)
₹2 lakh Insurance
Get a personal accident insurance cover (RuPay variant)
24/7 Concierge services
Get round-the-clock assistance. To contact, please call the toll-free number 18002670731 (Rupay Variant)
Earn and Use Reward Points
Earn Points on every ₹100 spend
On Retail
Spend
On Utility and Insurance
Spend
Redeem reward points for:
Health and Beauty
Travel and Luggage
Shopping Voucher
Home Appliances
Electronics
Fashion and Lifestyle
APPLY NOW
Coral Credit Card: Fees and charges
Joining Fee and Annual fee
Joining fee- ₹500 + Goods and Services Tax (GST)
Annual fee- ₹500 + GST (Spend over ₹1.5 lakh and get annual fee waived off for the next year)
Forex Markup
3.5%
ATM withdrawal
Pay 3.75% interest per month
If only minimum due is paid
Pay 3.75% interest per month
Late payment charges
Ranging from ₹100 – ₹1,300
Most important terms & conditions
Please refer to the Most Important Terms & Conditions (MITC) for other charges.
Click here for applicable Terms and Conditions (T&Cs)
APPLY NOW
Things you’ll need
to apply
Eligibility
Documents
An Indian citizen o<version> years of age
A salaried individual with a monthly income of ₹20,000
Self-employed individual with an annual income of ₹2,40,000
Proof of identity
Proof of address
Income Proof
No physical documents required
ICICI Bank Plus Card
Extend Benefits To Your Loved Ones
Coral Credit Card Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Is the ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card free?
No, the card has a joining fee of ₹500 + GST and an annual fee of ₹500 + GST.
What are the criteria for availing domestic lounge access?
To enjoy domestic airport lounge access, you must spend ₹75,000 or more on your Coral Credit Card in a Spends quarter. This entitles you to avail the lounge access benefit in the following calendar quarter. The benefit is exclusively applicable to the primary Cardholder.
Please note that the airport lounge access benefit is available only for primary Cardholders. For more details on the criteria,  click here . To view the complete list of lounges,  click here .
What is the criteria for being eligible for the movie benefits offer with BookMyShow?
Starting Apr 1, 2026, to be eligible for availing complimentary tickets offer on movie/ events tickets with BookMyShow, you must spend ₹25,000 or more on your Coral Credit Card within the preceding spends quarter. This entitles you to avail the offer in the following calendar quarter. Please go through the illustration below to understand spends and offer eligibility period.
Please go through the below illustration to understand the spends period along with the lounge eligibility period:
Spends period offer -  eligibility period
Spend ₹25,000 between Dec 26, 2025 and Mar 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between Apr 01, 2026 and June 30, 2026.
Spend ₹25,000 between Mar 26, 2026 and June 25, 2026 - Get movie offer benefit between July 01, 2026 and Sep 30, 2026.
Customers with Credit Card on dual networks (Mastercard & Amex | Visa & RuPay) can avail one movie offer per month, per variant. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed terms & conditions, please click here .
Plus (Add-on) Card members need to individually spend ₹25,000 in the preceding spends quarter, to be eligible for the offer in the subsequent calendar quarter
Is there any cashback offer on American Express Credit Card variant while booking movie tickets on BookMyShow?
Cashback offers on the Amex variant have been revoked effective from 01 Jan 2025.
Customers can avail upfront offers while booking tickets on BookMyShow by following the steps below-
Navigate to ‘Apply Offers’ section
Click on the tab - Credit/ Debit/ Net Banking
Choose ICICI Bank Credit Card 25% Discount Offer on selected ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Enter the Card Number and click ‘Apply Offer’
Once the success message shows up, the offer will be applied on the billing page.
What are the movie ticket benefits available?
Cardholders are eligible for a 25% off on movie ticket offer worth up to ₹100 on the purchase of a minimum of two tickets. Any additional bookings beyond the complimentary benefit will be charged as per the rates decided by the service provider. To book your movie ticket and for detailed Terms & Conditions, please click here
What are the criteria for availing domestic railway lounge access?
Upgrade your travel experience with complimentary access to select railway lounges with your ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card. Get 1 complimentary access to select railway lounges in India every quarter. Simply present your ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card to enjoy the privileges
Over and above the permitted number of complimentary access, each subsequent access will be charged as per rates laid out by each lounge service provider.
Click here for a complete list of lounges.
Can I make online purchases with the ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card?
Yes. You can easily make online purchases across India and in select overseas stores using the ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card.
What is CVV in a Credit Card? How do I find it in my ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card?
Flip your ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card. The three-digit security code next to the signature panel is your CVV (Card Verification Value). You can also check it by logging in to your ICICI Bank's iMobile app or Net Banking.
Which bank’s Credit Card should I opt for?
The ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card is an excellent choice. It has a low joining fee and several benefits for movie and travel enthusiasts.
What is the age limit to apply for a Coral Credit Card?
You must be between the age group of 21–65 years to be eligible to apply for an ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card.
How do I know the payment due date of my ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card?
You can know thepayment due date of your ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card through the monthly statement, ICICI Bank's iMobile app, Net Banking or by calling our Customer Care on 1800 1080.
What security features are provided by the chip and PIN?
The Credit Card comes with an embedded microchip that provides enhanced security against counterfeiting and duplication. For transactions at merchant outlets, customers must enter a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to complete the payment. However, this PIN is not required for online transactions. To know more about Chip and PIN security, please  click here
How can I get the annual fee waived off for the ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card?
If you spend over ₹1.5 lakh, you can get your annual fee waived off for the next year.
What is the fuel surcharge waiver offered to Cardholders?
A 1% fuel surcharge waiver is eligible for transactions between ₹400 to ₹4000 on HPCL Fuel Stations when the transaction is conducted on ICICI Bank Merchant Services Swipe Machine. This benefit applies to both the primary cardholder and the plus (supplementary) cardholder, helping them save on regular fuel expenses.
View all FAQs
Blogs and Videos
Explore more blogs</p>","cardText":"", "cardLinkUrl":"/blogs/credit-card", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Blogs" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Blogs
Explore more videos</p>","cardText":"<p>Intrested to learn more?</p>", "cardLinkUrl":"/online-demo", "cardLinkTarget":"_self"}' data-cta-region="Blogs-and-Videos-Widget:Videos" data-cta-type="tab link" data-cta-landing-page-type="Non Application" data-cta-component-info="CMS">
Videos
goto previous card
goto next card
goto previous card
goto next card
Close
Take a word from our Customers
S
Sharad Kapoor
Rating:
4.2
stars
ICICI Bank's Coral Credit Card has been my financial companion for years. The rewards program offers great value, and the discount.
R
Rishab Jain
Rating:
4.5
stars
The ICICI Bank Coral Credit Card is a true gem. The lifestyle benefits, including complimentary airport lounge access and travel vouchers are truly amazing Fees and Charges.
S
Shushant Singh
Rating:
stars
The ICICI Bank Sapphiro Credit Card has been a great companion for rewards and lifestyle perks. I’ve enjoyed free movie tickets (BOGO) via BookMyShow, milestone reward points, and 24/7 concierge services that make planning trips a breeze and hassle free! Also the dual network feature of the card provides the benefit of Visa and Amex both.
Apply now
close exit intent modal
We value your feedback!
Thank you for using our Website. Please share your valuable feedback on your website experience.
MAYBE LATER
GIVE FEEDBACK
close disclaimer modal
Disclaimer
STAY ON THIS SITE
PROCEED