The OneCard Credit Card Most Important Terms and Conditions (MITC)
These Most Important Terms and Conditions apply to OneCard Credit Card (OneCard) issued by
Federal Bank (Bank) in partnership with FPL Technologies Private Limited (“FPL”, or “Company”).
Activating your card from the OneCard app or clicking on ‘Submit’ or ‘I Agree’ or any similar tab/icon
would mean acceptance of the below terms and conditions by the cardholder/cardmember/user
(You).
The MITCs are in addition to and are to be read along with the detailed Terms and Conditions, and
are subject to changes from time to time. The most recent version will always be available on this
website.
Welcome to a world of convenience!
The OneCard Mobile App📱
You can control the OneCard entirely from the powerful OneCard Mobile App, some of the actions
being:
- Set your App PIN
- Activate your OneCard
- Make credit card bill payments
- Manage your virtual credit card
- Control your credit and cash withdrawal limits
- Enable online, domestic and international usage
- Set your OneCard PIN (For use at Point of Sale and ATMs)
- Raise disputes or service queries on any aspect of your OneCard
We have ensured that you can do the above transactions only in a secure environment after you
authenticate yourself with your preferred authentication mechanism (Fingerprint/PIN). As a
cardholder, you should be aware of the features and impact of these transactions as you would be
responsible for your actions within the OneCard App.
Virtual Credit Card 💳📲
In addition to the physical OneCard, you will receive as part of the on-boarding process, a virtual
rendition of the same OneCard which will be available on the OneCard App.
This virtual card is also a VISA powered credit card so that you can use it for any online or mobile
application-based transactions or purchases. The security parameters are set as per industry
standards.
A) FEES AND CHARGES 👀
We believe in keeping your life simple and our charges reflect our endeavour in that direction.
As long as you use the OneCard within your approved credit limit, and pay the full outstanding by
the due date, we wont charge you anything. However, in cases of delays in payments or part
payments or using your card beyond the limit, there would be some charges levied. Here’s a list of
these charges:
Goods and Services Tax (GST) is applicable on all fees, interest and other charges and is subject to
change as and when notified by the Government of India
* Cash Withdrawal from ATMs
You can use the OneCard to withdraw cash from ATMs in India and/or overseas (except foreign
currency transactions in Nepal and Bhutan) in accordance with the compatibility of the OneCard at
the said ATM(s). Cash withdrawal charges or ATM withdrawal fee as mentioned above shall be levied
on all such withdrawals and would be billed to you in the next/forthcoming OneCard statement.
** Interest Free Period
Please remember that this facility of an interest free period will not be available to you if you have
not paid the previous month’s outstanding amount in entirety. An illustration of the calculation of
the interest free (grace period) has been set out below.
Illustrative example for interest calculation
There was an outstanding amount in the November statement, paid partially by you.
December 17: Statement date. Shows overall outstanding amount of Rs.5,000.
December 25: You make a partial payment of Rs. 2,000.
December 30: You make a purchase of Rs.1,000.
January 17: The next statement is generated.
*** Interest Rate
Applicable Interest rate would be shown in the Statement of charges section in the OneCard App.
Assuming an interest rate of 30% per annum on the Card and 365 days in a year, interest will be
levied as below:
GST at the prevailing rate (currently 18%) will be levied on interest, which is Rs.18.65.
This will be added to the outstanding amount so on January 17, the Total Amount Due will be
Rs.4,122.25 (Rs.4,000 + Rs.103.57 + Rs.18.65).
The Minimum Amount Due is a variable percentage of Net Debits + Full Over The Limit amount + Full
Finance Charges, if any (inclusive of Taxes) + Previous statement unpaid minimum amount dues if
any.
The Minimum Amount Due variable percentage can range between (5% - 100%) and will be based
upon the cardholder’s repayment status.
For the above illustration, say the system charges 10% of Net debits since the cardholder has repaid
Total Amount Due partially but paid complete Minimum Amount Due of previous statement. In this
case,
Minimum Amount Due (MAD) = (10% of Rs.4,000) + Rs.122.22 = Rs. 522.22.
**** Late Payment Fee
You are charged a Late Payment Fee if there has been no payment or a payment less than the
Minimum Amount Due is received by the Payment Due Date.
Example:
Consider the Total Amount Due (TAD) is Rs. 5,000 and Payment Due Date is 4 May, 2020. In case the
cardholder does not pay the Minimum Amount Due by the Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee
of Rs. 125 will be levied on the next bill due date. Late Payment Fee is 2.5% of the TAD i.e. 2.5% X Rs.
5,000, which is Rs. 125.
Forex Markup Fee:
When you use your OneCard to transact in a foreign currency, that transaction amount is converted
to Indian Rupees (INR) on the settlement date. This could be different from your transaction date. If
the transaction is not in USD (US Dollars), the amount will first be converted to USD, and then the
USD amount will be converted to INR as per rate provided by VISA. On this amount, a forex markup
fee will be levied.
A forex markup fee will also be levied in case of an Indian Rupee (INR) transaction done at a
merchant or payment gateway that is based out of India.
B) DRAWAL LIMITS 💸
Your Credit Limit and Cash Withdrawal Limit are both dynamic. You can request for an increase in
your credit limit from the app if you’re eligible for this option. Once approved, this revised amount
would be your new Credit Limit.
FPL also reserves the right to recommend a credit limit increase to you based on your OneCard
usage, inside the OneCard app. This recommendation and its associated Terms and conditions will
be made available to you to consider before accepting the recommendation.
Once you read and agree to the Terms related to credit limit increase displayed inside the OneCard
app and provide your consent to increase the limit, FPL will enhance the credit limit on your card.
Your acceptance of the limit increase recommendation received through electronic means inside the
OneCard app where you specifically validate the limit increase and agree to the MITC will be treated
as a consent.
FPL will keep the digital records of such consent, and will treat it as as proof of consent in case of any
dispute arising later on account of limit increase.
FPL will review your account periodically, and reserves the right to decrease your credit limit based
on your transaction patterns, repayment behaviour and other internal criteria. This will be informed
to you via the OneCard app and/or via email and SMS.
“Available Credit Limit” or “Available Cash Limit” is the limit up to which you can make purchases or
withdraw cash from an ATM respectively. The Cash Limit is a part of the overall Credit Limit assigned
to you though unavailable to cardholders for the time being. An intimation will be shared once it is
enabled.
C) BILLING 📅
i) Billing statements (periodicity and mode of sending)
Your billing statement will be generated every month (currently on 1st) and you can view the
statement in the OneCard App. It will contain a break-up of all purchases, repayments, fees, interest
charges, refunds and taxes. In case the card was not used in a month, the statement will mention
there were no spends in that month. The app also has an option to view the statement in PDF
format, which can then be downloaded from the phone.
ii) Minimum Amount Due
When you get your OneCard statement, you can choose to pay the full amount (Total Amount Due)
or pay just 5% of the Total Amount Due. This is known as Minimum Amount Due (MAD), and at least
this amount must be paid before the Payment Due Date (currently on 18th). The remaining balance
can be carried forward to subsequent months. This Minimum Amount Due will be:
i) 5% of the outstanding amount or Rs.100 (whichever is greater) PLUS ii) Total sum of any card fee,
overdue minimum payment iii) Any amount exceeding the credit limit iv) Entire amount of any
instalments (EMI) due (if/as applicable)
You can also pay the Total Amount Due or an amount between the Minimum Amount Due and Total
Amount Due. Payment should be made before Payment Due Date to avoid Late Payment Charges.
When you make a payment, it is adjusted in this order:
Billed Cash Advance Fees with Interest and Taxes ⏩ Billed Purchases with Fees, Interest and Taxes (as
applicable) ⏩ UnBilled Cash Advance Fees with Interest and Taxes ⏩ UnBilled Purchases with Fees,
Interest and Taxes (as applicable).
Within these, the payment is further adjusted as below:
Taxes ⏩ Fees ⏩ Interest ⏩ Purchases.
If Total Amount Due is less than Rs.100, Minimum Amount Due would be equal to the Total Amount
Due, ie. Rs.100.
iii) Refunds/Chargebacks/Reimbursements
You must pay for the transactions billed in the OneCard statement to avoid any additional charges
being levied. Any refunds, chargebacks or reimbursements which are not shown in the OneCard
statement, should not be adjusted or reduced by you from the Total Amount Due (TAD) on your own
when making the payment. Refunds/chargebacks/reimbursements if any, will be reflected in your
OneCard Account, as and when such refunds/chargeback/reimbursement are received and these will
be adjusted against your dues in your next OneCard statement.
iv) Method of payment
You can pay the outstanding dues from the App itself, through the following modes:
a) Debit Card b) Netbanking c) UPI
(v) Billing disputes resolution
In case of any query or a dispute on any transaction, you must inform us within 30 days of receipt of
the statement, by using any of the contact particulars stated below. We will assist you by providing
information in relation to charges to the card account. A temporary suspension would be applied on
the disputed transaction while under investigation. This would be resolved within a maximum of 60
days.
(vi) Contact particulars of card issuer
In case you need any help, you can:
📱 Chat with us from the OneCard App
📧 Email your query or concern to help@getonecard.app
📞 Call us on our helpline number at 080 4557 5559
🏢 Write to us or visit us at: FPL Technologies Pvt. Ltd., D-27, Bootstart, Varsha Park, Baner, Pune
(vii) Grievance Redressal Escalation
If you are not satisfied with the response from regular channels, you can escalate the issue by
sending an email to grievances@fplabs.tech
For any escalation beyond this level, you can reach out to the bank at support@federalbank.co.in or
you can contact the Nodal Officer at nodalofficer@fplabs.tech
If the issue remains unresolved beyond 30 days even after reaching out to the above channels, or if
the response is unsatisfactory, you may write to the Banking Ombudsman for an independent
review. Details of the Banking Ombudsman Scheme are available on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)
website at https://www.rbi.org.in/
D) DEFAULT AND CIRCUMSTANCES 😩
i) Procedure including notice period for reporting a cardholder as defaulter
If you do not pay at least the Minimum Amount Due even 3 days after the Payment Due Date, the
card will be reported as delinquent by the Bank to the Credit Information Companies (CICs),
authorized by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Non-payment of Minimum Amount Due may also lead
to discontinuation of the credit card services.
ii) Procedure for withdrawal of default report and the period within which the default report would
be withdrawn after settlement of dues
Once reported to the Credit Information Companies (CICs) there is no withdrawal of the report.
However, if dues are settled by you, this information will be provided to the Bank for sharing with
Credit Information Companies (CICs) in the subsequent month.
iii) Recovery procedure in case of default
In the event of a default, you will be sent reminders by post, telephone, email, SMS for settlement of
any outstanding dues. If no response is received from you via regular channels, third parties may be
engaged to remind, follow up and collect dues. A message may be left with your spouse / parent /
other direct adult family member / secretary / accountant or other colleague, as available, at your
residence / office / phone. Any such third party appointed shall adhere fully to the code of conduct
on debt collection.
(iv) Recovery of dues in case of death/permanent incapacitance of Cardholder
In case of death or permanent incapacitance of the primary cardmember, a waiver on outstanding
amount due up to Rs. 50,000 will be offered. If the outstanding amount is more than Rs. 50,000, we
may need to follow up with your legal heirs, informing them about your outstanding amount and
requesting them to clear dues.
E) TERMINATION/REVOCATION OF CARD MEMBERSHIP 😢
i) Procedure for surrender of card by Cardholder - due notice –
a) You can close your OneCard account any time by calling our Customer Care team or by emailing
us. The entire card outstanding dues and loans / EMI facilities linked to your OneCard (if applicable
and/or availed of) will immediately become due.
b) Any refund/reversal that is received after the card closure will be intimated to you and refunded
electronically to the account number shared with customer care after verifying the ownership.
c) Once the virtual OneCard is activated, the physical card will be sent to you. If you choose to cancel
card membership within 6 months of receiving the physical card, a charge of Rs. 3,000 will be levied.
This would be added to the overall outstanding amount and the card account will be closed once all
dues are paid.
d) Upon termination/revocation of OneCard membership for any reason whatsoever, whether at the
instance of the Cardmember or FPL, the Cardmember shall remain liable for all charges incurred by
the use of the OneCard.
e) You specifically acknowledge that once your OneCard account is closed, the privileges (including
but not limited to all benefits and services accrued, reward points not redeemed etc) of the OneCard
stand nullified. Reinstatement of the same is neither automatic nor attendant and will take place
solely at the discretion of FPL.
f) For avoiding misuse, it is advised to destroy the OneCard ensuring that the hologram, magnetic
strip and chip are destroyed permanently.
g) Your OneCard account will be closed only once FPL receives the payment of all amounts due and
outstanding in respect of the said OneCard account.
ii) Procedure for revocation of card membership
Your access to your OneCard may be cancelled or revoked at any time without prior notice, if we
consider it necessary for business or security reasons, which may include but are not limited to:
a) Delayed or dishonoured payments, improper use of credit card (in violation of RBI and Foreign
Exchange rules).
b) Misleading or incorrect information / documents given along with card application.
c) Failure to furnish information or documents as required under the Know Your Customer (KYC)/
Anti Money Laundering (AML)/ Combating the Financing of Terrorism (CFT) guidelines.
d) Involvement in any civil litigation or criminal offence / proceedings by any authority, court of law
or professional body or association.
e) Changes in credit policy due to prevailing conditions / unforeseen circumstances.
You may continue to get your OneCard statements with actual outstanding, even after closure of the
card account.
F) LOSS/THEFT/MISUSE OF CARD 😠
i) Procedure to be followed in case of loss/theft/misuse of card
In case your OneCard is lost, stolen, misplaced, or if the credit card PIN has been compromised,
report this immediately from the OneCard App or via phone on 080 4557 5559 or email us on
help@getonecard.app.
If your OneCard is misplaced, you can lock the card temporarily from the OneCard App.
If your OneCard is lost or stolen, you can block the OneCard from the OneCard App and a new card
will be sent to you. You can also reset the Card PIN from the OneCard App.
In case the mobile phone with the OneCard App is lost or stolen, inform us immediately by calling on
080 4557 5559. Please also report the theft of the OneCard or phone to the police by lodging a First
Information Report (FIR), and share a copy of that with us when requested.
If you change the registered mobile number or e-mail address, you can intimate us by sending an
email to help@getonecard.app.
ii) Liability of cardholder in case of (i) above
You will not be liable for any misuse on a card or PIN after informing us of the loss, unless you have
acted with gross negligence.
You will be liable for all losses owing to any misuse that happened with your consent or knowledge
or prior to informing us about loss of card/phone.
NEVER share your OneCard App PIN and credit card PIN with anyone!
G) DISCLOSURES 📣
i) Bank will share credit information including but not limited to the current balance, loans / EMI
facilities linked to the OneCard (if applicable and/or availed of), balance outstanding on the OneCard
/ loan, payment history etc. with Credit Information Companies (CICs) authorised by RBI, as per the
Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005.
ii) Banks have all responsibility for adherence to all regulatory rules, directions, and guidelines
including guidelines on outsourcing of financial services by banks or NBFCs issued by the RBI. The
company does not provide any services in contravention of the guideline on outsourcing of financial
services by banks or NBFCs issued by the RBI.
iii) FPL will provide particulars of the OneCard account to the statutory authorities and the Bank, as
needed.
iv) Transaction alerts received may not be assumed as a confirmation of transaction completion.
v) If you do not wish to receive any marketing calls/emails from FPL for other products, you can
register for the Do Not Disturb service and also unsubscribe from promotional emails by clicking on
the link which will be provided in such emails.
vi) You will continue to receive communications about transactions and core features of OneCard. A
copy of this MITC document, Terms and Conditions, and FAQ will always be available on
www.getonecard.app.
H) REWARD POINTS 🎁
By using your OneCard, you are automatically enrolled in the OneCard Rewards Programme. When
you transact with your OneCard, reward points are credited to your OneCard account depending on
the transaction value and the purchase category. These reward points can be accumulated and
further used to repay other purchases or redeemed for exciting offers shown in the OneCard App
from time to time.
I. Earn Reward Points
a) Reward points will be credited only on regular purchases across any category.
b) Reward points will not accrue for money transfers, rent payments, cash withdrawals and digital
wallet loading or top-up transactions. Sometimes, when you purchase a service/product on a digital
wallet app which also offers in-app purchases, you may not get reward points, as it involves actual
wallet load, which is then used to make payment to the merchant.
c) Currently, you will get 1 Reward Point on every purchase of Rs. 50.
d) For purchase amounts below Rs. 50, fractional points will be credited. For example, if you spend
Rs. 25 on a recharge, 0.5 reward points will be credited.
e) Bonus Rewards: Valid and confirmed purchases across the Top 2 categories in a month are eligible
for “5X” rewards, which means you would receive 5 times the reward points on those categories for
that month.
- To qualify, you must make purchases across at least 3 categories in a month. From these, the top 2
categories would be eligible for 5X rewards.
- Points accruing due to 5X rewards will be credited to your points balance on the 10th day of the
subsequent month. For example, if your purchases in July are eligible, 5X points will be credited to
your points balance on August 10.
II. Redeem Reward Points:
a) No fee is levied if you wish to redeem reward points.
b) Rewards points can be redeemed including in the following ways:
- Pay with points: which lets you pay for previous transactions
- Redeem points for other offers/benefits as applicable from time to time
c) The “Pay With Points” functionality will be available against transactions that are less than two
months old. For example, if you make a purchase on July 15, you can repay it with points till
September 14 only (subject to available points balance).
d) On redemption, the rewards points so redeemed will be automatically subtracted from the
accumulated reward points in your OneCard account.
e) To pay with points, simply swipe right on a transaction. In case available points are inadequate, a
message will be shown to indicate how many points are needed.
III. Other Terms:
a) Reward points which have been credited or debited to or from your OneCard account shall be
reflected on the OneCard app. You can also view the reward points accumulated by you on the
OneCard app.
b) FPL reserves the right to wholly or partly modify the OneCard Rewards Programme. FPL also
reserves the right to change the reward point conversion rate, withdraw reward points awarded or
to vary any of the terms and conditions herein in its absolute discretion without prior notice to the
cardholder.
c) In case this OneCard Rewards Programme comes in conflict with any rule, regulation or order or
any statutory authority, then FPL has the absolute authority and right to modify or cancel this
rewards programme to give effect to said requirements.
d) Reward points do not expire and have lifetime validity, except in circumstances detailed below:
- If the OneCard is not used for more than 365 days, the accrued reward points will be nullified.
- FPL reserves the right to cancel or suspend the accrued reward points if the OneCard account is in
arrears, suspension or default or if the OneCard account is or is reasonably suspected to be operated
fraudulently.
- In case of cardmember’s death, the reward points earned but not redeemed at that time will be
forfeited.
- If a transaction is reversed by way of a refund/chargeback/reimbursement, the transaction amount
shall be credited back to your OneCard account. In such instances, the reward points accrued on
those transactions will be reduced from the overall points balance.
- In case a cardmember cancels vouchers that were availed of by redeeming reward points, points
can be reinstated at FPL’s discretion at the same rate at which they were redeemed.
- On closure/termination of OneCard membership, any reward points pending to be claimed in the
cardmember’s account will be forfeited.
e) FPL will not be held responsible if any supplier of products / services offered to you withdraws,
cancels, alters or amends those products / services.
f) FPL makes no warranties for the quality of products / services provided by the merchant
establishments participating in the OneCard Rewards Programme.
g) You may note that every purchase is assigned a different “Category” depending upon the
Merchant Category Code (“MCC”) defined by VISA. According to this, the merchant acquiring bank
classifies the merchant depending on the service provided by them. For example, Food & Dining,
Shopping, Travel, Entertainment, Groceries, Bills & Utilities, Fuel, and so on. FPL does not have any
control over this MCC classification.
I) REFERRAL PROGRAMME 💳💳
These referral programme terms and conditions shall apply to the customer who uses the OneCard
(“Cardholder”/”You”) and the person who agrees to be referred to the OneCard (“Referred User”).
Participation in this referral programme is entirely voluntary and it is understood that participation
by the Cardholder, shall be deemed to have been made on a voluntary basis.
This programme will be applicable for all OneCards activated via referral links on and after
November 10, 2020.
a) Effective January 01, 2021, you will receive Two Thousand Five Hundred (2,500) bonus reward
points for every new user who joins OneCard through your referral link.
b) The Referred User will have to download OneScore App and fill details to get their OneCard
unlocked. Once the OneCard is unlocked, the Referred User has to download OneCard app and
activate their virtual OneCard. Only for Referred Users who successfully activate the OneCard, will
the Cardholder receive bonus points.
c) If a Referred User does not join OneCard through your referral link, then you will lose out on the
bonus points.
d) Points earned for referring users will not be eligible for the monthly 5X rewards boost.
e) If a Referred User is already a OneScore App user and has applied for OneCard, then such a
Referred User will not be considered for bonus reward points.
f) If more than one Cardholder provides the same reference, the Referred User shall receive a
referral link from both the Cardholders and the Referred User can choose to apply using any referral
link and the corresponding Cardholder shall receive the reward points.
g) The referral link shall be valid only for 30 days. In case a Referred User joins after 30 days, then
the Cardholder will not receive points for the same.
h) The decision of issuing OneCard to the Referred User will be at the sole discretion of FPL
Technologies, as per our evaluation policy.
i) IMPORTANT Sharing of personal information between the Cardholder and the Referred User:
As part of this As part of this referral programme and the Cardholder being able to receive reward
points for successful referrals using a referral link, the Referred User acknowledges, understands and
agrees that when the Referred User accepts the invitation via the referral link and successfully
activates the virtual OneCard, the Cardholder will know that the Referred User has received the
OneCard. If the Referred User desires to avoid disclosing this personal information, then the
Referred User may choose to apply independently and not via the referral link sent by the
Cardholder.
Likewise, by sending a referral link, the Cardholder, acknowledges, understands and agrees that the
Referred User will know that the Cardholder stands a chance to get rewarded by way of bonus
points. If the Cardholder does not desire to disclose this information, the Cardholder should not
send a referral link. All communications related to the OneCard approval or rejection will be
communicated to the Referred User only and not to the Cardholder. Only a successful referral will
trigger a communication to the Cardholder along with the reward redemption details.
j) OneCard reserves the right to disqualify the Cardholder from the benefits of this programme, if
any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out for the purpose of availing the benefits
under this programme or otherwise by use of the OneCard.
k) OneCard has the sole discretion to change, suspend or modify, from time to time, the referral
programme and the terms and conditions herein in accordance with applicable laws.
IMPORTANT REGULATORY INFORMATION
i) Your OneCard is valid for use both in India as well as abroad. It is, however, not valid for making
foreign currency transactions in Nepal and Bhutan.
ii) Foreign exchange trading through Internet trading portals is not permitted. In the event of any
violations or failure to comply, you may be liable for penal action and/or closure of the card.