The OneCard Credit Card Most
Important Terms and Conditions (MITC)
• March 03, 2023
The OneCard Credit Card Terms and Conditions (In Hindi)
These Most Important Terms and Conditions apply to OneCard Credit Card
issued by The CSB Bank Ltd (Bank) in partnership with its co -branding
partner Oneconsumer Services Private Limited (OneCard Credit Card). Your
OneCard Credit Card is managed by FPL Technologies Private Limited which
is the outsourced technology service provider of the Bank.
Activating your card from the OneCard app or clicking on ‘Submit’ or ‘I Agree’
or any similar tab/icon would mean acceptance of the below terms and
conditions by the cardholder/cardmember/user (You).
The MITCs are in addition to and are to be read along with the detailed Terms
and Conditions , and are subject to changes from time to time. The most recent
version will always be available on this website.
Welcome to a world of convenience!
The OneCard Mobile App📱
You can control the OneCard Credit Card entirely from the powerful OneCard
Mobile App, some of the actions being:
- Set your App PIN
- Activate your OneCard Credit Card
- Make credit card bill payments
- Manage your virtual credit card
- Control your credit and cash withdrawal limits
- Enable online, domestic and international usage
- Set your OneCard Credit Card PIN (For use at Point of Sale and ATMs)
- Raise disputes or service queries on any aspect of your OneCard Credit Card
We have ensured that you can do the above transactions only in a secure
environment after you authenticate yourself with your preferred
authentication mechanism (Fingerprint/PIN). As a cardholder, you should be
aware of the features and impact of these transactions as you would be
responsible for your actions within the OneCard App.
Virtual Credit Card 💳📲
In addition to the physical OneCard Credit Card, you will receive as part of the
on-boarding process, a virtual rendition of the same OneCard Credit Card
which will be available on the OneCard App.
This virtual card is also a MasterCard powered credit card so that you can use
it for any online or mobile application-based transactions or purchases. The
security parameters are set as per industry standards.
A) FEES AND CHARGES 👀
We believe in keeping your life simple and our charges reflect our endeavor in
that direction.
As long as you use the OneCard Credit Card within your approved credit limit,
and pay the full outstanding by the due date, we wont charge you anything.
However, in cases of delays in payments or part payments or using your card
beyond the limit, there would be some charges levied.
Here’s a list of these charges:
* Cash Withdrawal from ATMs
You can use the OneCard Credit Card to withdraw cash from ATMs in India
and/or overseas (except foreign currency transactions in Nepal and Bhutan)
in accordance with the compatibility of the OneCard Credit Card at the said
ATM(s). Cash withdrawal charges or ATM withdrawal fee as mentioned above
shall be levied on all such withdrawals and would be billed to you in the
next/forthcoming OneCard Credit Card statement.
** Interest Free Period
Please remember that this facility of an interest free period will not be
available to you if you have not paid the previous month’s outstanding
amount in entirety.
*** Interest Rate
At the end of each day, the current balance/outstanding amount will be
multiplied by the daily rate to arrive at the daily interest charges, which then
get added to your outstanding balance. A simple formula would be as below:
((Number of days X Entire outstanding amount X (Interest rate per month x
12 months))/365 days.Currently, the interest rate on unpaid dues is 36% per
annum or 3% per month.
With effect from April 02, 2023 it will be upto 41.88% per annum, or upto
3.49% per month, for all OneCard Credit Card members on their unpaid dues.
Sample Illustration 1 (dues not paid in full)
Purchase: Rs.10,000 on January 15, 2021
Statement Date: February 01, 2021
Total Amount Due: Rs.10,000
Payment Due Date: February 18, 2021
Payment Done: Rs.500 on February 10, 2021
No other transactions in February.
As per the formula shared above, the interest will be charged as follows:
Goods & Services Tax (GST) at the prevailing rate (currently 18%) will be
levied on this interest charged, which is Rs. 90.98.
This will be added to the outstanding amount so in your statement on March
01, 2021, the Total Amount Due will be Rs.10,096.41 (Rs.9,500 + Rs. 505.43 +
Rs.90.98)
Sample Illustration 2 (Dues revolved, fresh purchase)
Statement Date: March 01, 2021
Total Amount Due: Rs.9,927.23
Payment Due Date: March 18, 2021
Payment Done: Rs.500 on March 10, 2021
New Purchase: Rs.5,000 on March 20, 2021
Interest will be charged as follows:
Goods & Services Tax (GST) at the prevailing rate (currently 18%) will be
levied on this interest charged, which is Rs.73.68.
This will be added to the outstanding amount so in your statement on April
01, 2020, the Total Amount Due will be Rs.14,910.24 (Rs.14,427.23 + Rs.
409.33 + Rs.73.68).
Note: These illustrations are meant to be indicative and to show how interest is
calculated and charged. Actual amounts can vary depending on specific cases.
The Minimum Amount Due is a variable percentage of Net Debits + Full Over.
The Limit amount + EMI billed for the month inclusive of EMI interest, fees
and taxes + Previous statement unpaid minimum amount dues if any.
The Minimum Amount Due variable percentage can range between (5% -
100%) and will be based upon the cardholder’s repayment status.
The Interest rates are subject to changes made by the Bank and Reserve Bank
of India from time to time.
**** Late Payment Fee
You are charged a Late Payment Fee if there has been no payment or a
payment less than the Minimum Amount Due is received by the Payment Due
Date.
Example:
Consider the Total Amount Due (TAD) is Rs.5,000 and Payment Due Date is 4
May, 2020. In case the cardholder does not pay the Minimum Amount Due by
the Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee of Rs. 250 will be levied on the
next bill due date. Late Payment Fee is Rs 250 if the TAD is in the range of
1001-5000.
Forex Markup Fee:
When you use your OneCard Credit Card to transact in a foreign currency, that
transaction amount is converted to Indian Rupees (INR) on the settlement
date. This could be different from your transaction date.
If the transaction is not in USD (US Dollars), the amount will first be converted
to USD, and then the USD amount will be converted to INR as per rate
provided by MasterCard. On this amount, a forex markup fee will be levied,
and GST will be applicable on the markup fee. If this transaction is reversed
within 30 days, the markup fee and GST will be reversed to the cardholder.
A forex markup fee will also be levied in case of an Indian Rupee (INR)
transaction done at a merchant or payment gateway that is based out of India.
B) DRAWAL LIMITS 💸
Your Credit Limit and Cash Withdrawal Limit are both dynamic. You can
request for an increase in your credit limit from the app if you’re eligible for
this option. Once approved, this revised amount would be your new Credit
Limit.
FPL also reserves the right to recommend a credit limit increase to you based
on your OneCard Credit Card usage, inside the OneCard app. This
recommendation and its associated Terms and conditions will be made
available to you to consider before accepting the recommendation.
Once you read and agree to the Terms related to credit limit increase
displayed inside the OneCard app and provide your consent to increase the
limit, FPL will enhance the credit limit on your card. Your acceptance of the
limit increase recommendation received through electronic means inside the
OneCard app where you specifically validate the limit increase and agree to
the MITC will be treated as a consent. FPL will keep the digital records of such
consent and will treat it as proof of consent in case of any dispute arising later
on account of limit increase.
FPL will review your account periodically and reserves the right to decrease
your credit limit based on your transaction patterns, repayment behavior and
other internal criteria. This will be informed to you via the OneCard app
and/or via email and SMS.
“Available Credit Limit” or “Available Cash Limit” is the limit up to which you
can make purchases or withdraw cash from an ATM respectively. The Cash
Limit is a part of the overall Credit Limit assigned to you though unavailable to
cardholders for the time being. An intimation will be shared once it is enabled.
C) BILLING 📅
i) Billing statements (periodicity and mode of sending)
Your billing statement will be generated every month (currently on 5th) and
can be modified once to 18th as per your convenience. You can view the
statement in the OneCard App. It will contain a break-up of all purchases,
repayments, fees, interest charges, refunds and taxes. In case the card was not
used in a month, the statement will mention there were no spends in that
month. The app also has an option to view the statement in PDF format, which
can then be downloaded from the phone. The billing statement will be sent to
the registered E mail ID as well if you opt so. The billing statement shall be
deemed to be a demand notice for payment and no separate intimation would
be made in this regard.
ii) Minimum Amount Due
When you get your Statement (currently on 5th and changed to 18th post
onboarding from the OneCard App), you can choose to pay the Total Amount
Due (TAD) or the Minimum Amount Due (MAD) as per your statement. The
remaining balance can be carried forward to subsequent months. This
Minimum Amount Due will be:
i) 5% of the outstanding amount or Rs.100 (whichever is greater) PLUS
ii) Previous unpaid minimum amount dues, if any; PLUS
iii) Any amount exceeding the credit limit; PLUS
iv) Entire amount of any installments (EMI) due (if/as applicable)
You can also pay the Total Amount Due or an amount between the Minimum
Amount Due and Total Amount Due. Payment should be made before Payment
Due Date to avoid Late Payment Charges.
When you make a payment, it is adjusted in this order:
Billed Cash Advance Fees with Interest and Taxes ⏩ Billed Purchases with
Fees, Interest and Taxes (as applicable) ⏩ UnBilled Cash Advance Fees with
Interest and Taxes ⏩ UnBilled Purchases with Fees, Interest and Taxes (as
applicable).
Within these, the payment is further adjusted as below:
Taxes ⏩ Fees ⏩ Interest ⏩ Purchases.
If Total Amount Due is less than Rs.100, Minimum Amount Due would be
equal to the Total Amount Due, ie. Rs.100.
iii) Refunds/Chargebacks/Reimbursements
You must pay for the transactions billed in the OneCard statement to avoid
any additional charges being levied. Any refunds, chargebacks or
reimbursements which are not shown in the OneCard statement, should not
be adjusted or reduced by you from the Total Amount Due (TAD) on your own
when making the payment. Refunds/chargebacks/reimbursements if any, will
be reflected in your OneCard Account, as and when such
refunds/chargeback/reimbursement are received and these will be adjusted
against your dues in your next OneCard statement.
iv) Method of payment
You can pay the outstanding dues from the App itself, through the following
modes:
a) Debit Card b) Netbanking c) UPI
You can also make the payment via IMPS or NEFT to the unique OneCard
Credit Card bank account number provided in the app.
(v) Billing disputes resolution
All the contents of the statement will be deemed to be correct and accepted if
you do not inform us of any discrepancies within 30 days of the statement
date. In the event of billing disputes/discrepancies, we shall investigate and
confirm the liability for such transactions. For certain disputes, we may offer a
temporary credit during the period of investigation, which may be reversed
along with applicable charges subject to outcome of the investigation. GST
levied will not be reversed on any dispute on fees and charges or interest.
(vi) Contact particulars of card issuer
In case you need any help or want to raise a grievance, you can:
📱 Select “Need Help?” from the Profile section in the OneCard App
📧 Email your query or concern to help@getonecard.app
📞 Call us on our helpline number at 1800-210-9111
🏢 Write to us or visit us at: FPL Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Disha Bldg, Survey No
127, Mahavir Park, Opposite Sarjaa, Aundh, Pune 411007
(vii) Grievance Redressal Escalation
The Grievance will be acknowledged via registered E mail with a unique
grievance reference number Response to the grievance will be offered in 7
working days and the same will be intimated via registered Email.
If you are not satisfied with the response from regular channels, you can send
an email to grievances@fplabs.tech and a response will be offered in 7
working days and intimated to the registered E mail.
Beyond this level, you can reach out to the bank as per their complaint
redressal system as detailed below.
Escalation Email Contact No.
CSB Bank customercare@csb.co.in 18002669090
If the issue remains unresolved beyond 30 days even after reaching out to the
above channels, or if the response is unsatisfactory, you may write to the
Banking Ombudsman for an independent review. Details of the Banking
Ombudsman Scheme are available on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) website
at https://www.rbi.org.in/
viii) Refund of credit balance/excess amount
In case there is a credit balance/excess amount lying in your OneCard Credit
Card account due to additional repayment or a refund, this amount can be
adjusted against future pending dues or it can be refunded to you as per your
request.
a) if this credit balance/excess amount is to be adjusted against future
pending dues, no action is required by you.
b) if this credit balance/excess amount is to be refunded, the following
procedure must be followed by you:
- request a refund of this credit balance/excess amount in writing by sending
an email to help@getonecard.app from your registered email id, along with
the reason for making a repayment in excess of the current dues
- submit the bank statement of the account from where the last two
repayments towards your OneCard Credit Card have been made
- submit a copy of your PAN card, if the credit balance/excess amount is more
than Rs. 49,000
- if your OneCard Credit Card account has been closed, provide details of the
savings bank account to which the credit balance/excess amount can be
refunded
c) Requests for refund of credit balance/excess amount less than Rs. 1,000
will not be processed
d) If the credit balance/excess amount is due to an additional repayment, it
will be reversed within 7-10 working days into the source account from which
the cardholder made the repayment
e) If the OneCard Credit Card account stands canceled, the credit
balance/excess amount will be refunded to the cardholder’s savings bank
account as per the procedure outlined in clause b) above. Bank account details
must be provided in the email.
f) No interest will be payable on any credit balance/excess amount lying in the
cardholder’s OneCard Credit Card account.
g) Cardholders are not permitted to make excess payment into their OneCard
Credit Card account to artificially enhance their sanctioned credit limit for
honouring high value transactions. In case there is a need for enhancement of
credit limit, a request can be placed separately for that.
D) DEFAULT AND CIRCUMSTANCES 😩
i) Procedure including notice period for reporting a cardholder as
defaulter
If you do not pay at least the Minimum Amount Due even 3 days after the
Payment Due Date, the card will be reported as delinquent by the Bank to the
Credit Information Companies (CICs), authorized by the Reserve Bank of India
(RBI). Non-payment of Minimum Amount Due may also lead to
discontinuation of the credit card services.
ii) Procedure for withdrawal of default report and the period within
which the default report would be withdrawn after settlement of dues
Once reported to the Credit Information Companies (CICs) there is no
withdrawal of the report. However, if dues are settled by you, this information
will be provided to the Bank for sharing with Credit Information Companies
(CICs) in the subsequent month.
iii) Recovery procedure in case of default
In the event of a default, you will be sent reminders by SMS, email, telephone
& post for settlement of any outstanding dues. If no response is received from
you via regular channels, third parties may be engaged to remind, follow up
and collect dues. A message may be left with your spouse / parent / other
direct adult family member / secretary / accountant or other colleague, as
available, at your residence / office / phone. Any such third party appointed
shall adhere fully to the code of conduct on debt collection.
(iv) Recovery of dues in case of death/permanent incapacitance of
Cardholder
In case of accidental death of the primary cardholder, a waiver of the
outstanding amount due up to Rs. 50,000 or as per the credit limit held by the
cardholder will be offered if the claim is honored by the Insurance Company.
This will be applicable only for an active card (a card with at least one
ATM/POS/E-Commerce transaction in the 90 days prior to date of death).
Claim documents are to be submitted by Bank/Cardholder to ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited within 60 days from the date of
intimation. This waiver does not apply to any amount spent by family/friends
after the primary cardholder’s death. If the outstanding amount is more than
Rs. 50,000, FPL will follow up with the cardholder’s legal heirs, informing
them about the outstanding amount and requesting them to clear these dues.
E) TERMINATION/REVOCATION OF CARD MEMBERSHIP 😢
i) Procedure for surrender of card by Cardholder - due notice –
a) You can close your OneCard Credit Card account any time by calling the
Customer Care team at 1800 210 9111 or by writing an email
at help@onecard.app. The entire card outstanding dues and loans / EMI
facilities linked to your OneCard Credit Card (if applicable and/or availed of)
will immediately become due.
b) Any refund/reversal that is received after the card closure will be intimated
to you and refunded electronically to the account number shared with
customer care after verifying the ownership.
c) Once the virtual OneCard Credit Card is activated, the physical card will be
sent to you. If you choose to cancel card membership within 6 months of
activating the virtual card, a charge of Rs. 3,000 will be levied. This would be
added to the overall outstanding amount and the card account will be closed
once all dues are paid.
d) Upon termination/revocation of OneCard Credit Card membership for any
reason whatsoever, whether at the instance of the Cardmember or the Bank
or FPL, the Cardmember shall remain liable for all charges incurred by the use
of the OneCard Credit Card.
e) You specifically acknowledge that once your OneCard Credit Card account
is closed, the privileges (including but not limited to all benefits and services
accrued, reward points not redeemed etc) of the OneCard Credit Card stand
nullified. Reinstatement of the same is neither automatic nor attendant and
will take place solely at the discretion of FPL.
f) For avoiding misuse, it is advised to destroy the OneCard Credit Card
ensuring that the hologram, magnetic strip and chip are destroyed
permanently.
g) Your OneCard Credit Card account will be closed only once the Bank
receives the payment of all amounts due and outstanding in respect of the said
OneCard Credit Card account.
h) You can call the customer care via phone on 1800 210 9111 or raise a ticket
in the OneCard App for initiating closure of card subject to the outstanding
dues being cleared.
ii) Procedure for revocation of card membership
Your access to your OneCard Credit Card may be cancelled or revoked at any
time without prior notice, if we consider it necessary for business or security
reasons, which may include but are not limited to:
a) Delayed or dishonoured payments, improper use of credit card (in violation
of RBI and Foreign Exchange rules).
b) Misleading or incorrect information / documents given along with card
application.
c) Failure to furnish information or documents as required under the Know
Your Customer (KYC)/ Anti Money Laundering (AML)/ Combating the
Financing of Terrorism (CFT) guidelines.
d) Involvement in any civil litigation or criminal offence / proceedings by any
authority, court of law or professional body or association.
e) Changes in credit policy due to prevailing conditions / unforeseen
circumstances.
Credit scores below the level as fixed from time to time
You may continue to get your OneCard Credit Card statements with actual
outstanding, even after closure of the card account.
f)In case your OneCard Credit Card has not been used for more than one year
then we will notify you of the dormancy within 30 days. If the card is still not
used or no reply is received for the continuation of OneCard Credit Card,
OneCard Credit Card will be closed and reported to the bureau, subject to
payment of all dues by the cardholder .
F) LOSS/THEFT/MISUSE OF CARD 😠
i) Procedure to be followed in case of loss/theft/misuse of card
In case your OneCard Credit Card is lost, stolen, misplaced, or if the credit card
PIN has been compromised, report this immediately from the OneCard App or
via phone on 1800-210-9111 or email us on help@getonecard.app.
If your OneCard Credit Card is misplaced, you can lock the card temporarily
from the OneCard App.
If your OneCard Credit Card s lost or stolen, you can block the OneCard Credit
Card from the OneCard App and a new card will be sent to you. You can also
reset the Card PIN from the OneCard App.
In case the mobile phone with the OneCard App is lost or stolen, inform us
immediately by calling on 1800-210-9111. Please also report the theft of the
OneCard Credit Card or phone to the police by lodging a First Information
Report (FIR) and share a copy of that with us when requested.
If you wish to change the registered mobile number or e-mail address, you can
intimate us by sending an email to help@getonecard.app.
ii) Liability of cardholder in case of (i) above
You will not be liable for any misuse on a card or PIN after informing us of the
loss, unless you have acted with gross negligence.
You will be liable for all losses owing to any misuse that happened with your
consent or knowledge or prior to informing us about loss of card/phone.
NEVER share your OneCard App PIN and credit card PIN with anyone!
G) DISCLOSURES 📣
i) Bank will share credit information including but not limited to the current
balance, loans / EMI facilities linked to the OneCard Credit Card (if applicable
and/or availed of), balance outstanding on the OneCard Credit Card / loan,
payment history etc. with Credit Information Companies (CICs) authorised by
RBI, as per the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005.
ii) Banks have all responsibility for adherence to all regulatory rules,
directions, and guidelines including guidelines on outsourcing of financial
services by banks or NBFCs issued by the RBI. FPL does not provide any
services in contravention of the guideline on outsourcing of financial services
by banks or NBFCs issued by the RBI.
iii) FPL will provide particulars of the OneCard Credit Card account to the
statutory authorities and the Bank, as needed.
iv) Transaction alerts received may not be assumed as a confirmation of
transaction completion.
v) If you do not wish to receive any marketing calls/emails from Oneconsumer
or FPL for other products, you can register for the Do Not Disturb service and
also unsubscribe from promotional emails by clicking on the link which will
be provided in such emails.
vi) You will continue to receive communications about transactions and core
features of OneCard Credit Card. A copy of this MITC document, Terms and
Conditions, and FAQ will always be available on www.getonecard.app.
H) Grievance Redressal and Compensation Framework
i) Grievance redressal and escalation process and Timeline for redressal
of grievance
a) Timeline for redressal of grievance
If your grievance is not satisfactorily resolved after reaching out
to grievances@fplabs.tech, you can reach out to the bank as per their
escalation matrix.
If the issue remains unresolved beyond 30 days even after reaching out to the
above channels, or if the response is unsatisfactory, you may write to the
Banking Ombudsman for an independent review. Details of the Banking
Ombudsman Scheme are available on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) website
at https://www.rbi.org.in/
ii) Below compensation framework will be followed in case of delay in
resolving
iii) Contact details of the card-issuer are as following
📧 Email your query or concern to help@getonecard.app
📞 Call us on our helpline number at 1800-210-9111
🏢 Write to us or visit us at: FPL Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Disha Bldg, Survey No
127, Mahavir Park, Opposite Sarjaa, Aundh, Pune 411007
If you are not satisfied with the response from regular channels, you can send
an email to grievances@fplabs.tech
I) REWARD POINTS 🎁
By using your OneCard Credit Card, you are automatically enrolled in the
OneCard Rewards Programme. When you transact with your OneCard Credit
Card, reward points are credited to your OneCard Credit Card account
depending on the transaction value and the purchase category. These reward
points can be accumulated and further used to repay other purchases or
redeemed for exciting offers shown in the OneCard App from time to time.
I. Earn Reward Points
a) Reward points will be credited only on regular purchases across any
category and at the discretion of Bank/FPL and you shall have no right to
claim the Reward points if not credited.
b) Reward points will not accrue for money transfers, rent payments, cash
withdrawals and digital wallet loading or top-up transactions. Sometimes,
when you purchase a service/product on a digital wallet app which also offers
in-app purchases, you may not get reward points, as it involves actual wallet
load, which is then used to make payment to the merchant.
c) Currently, you will get 1 Reward Point on every purchase of Rs. 50.
d) For purchase amounts below Rs. 50, fractional points will be credited. For
example, if you spend Rs. 25 on a recharge, 0.5 reward points will be credited.
e) Bonus Rewards: Valid and confirmed purchases across the Top 2 categories
in a month are eligible for “5X” rewards, which means you would receive 5
times the reward points on those categories for that month.
- To qualify, you must make purchases across at least 3 categories in a month.
From these, the top 2 categories would be eligible for 5X rewards.
- Points accruing due to 5X rewards will be credited to your points balance on
the 10th day of the subsequent month. For example, if your purchases in July
are eligible, 5X points will be credited to your points balance on August 10.
II. Redeem Reward Points:
a) No fee is levied if you wish to redeem reward points.
b) Rewards points can be redeemed including in the following ways:
- Pay with points: which lets you pay for previous transactions
- Redeem points for other offers/benefits as applicable from time to time
c) The “Pay With Points” functionality will be available against transactions
that are less than two months old. For example, if you make a purchase on July
15, you can repay it with points till September 14 only (subject to available
points balance).
d) On redemption, the rewards points so redeemed will be automatically
subtracted from the accumulated reward points in your OneCard Credit Card
account.
e) To pay with points, simply swipe right on a transaction. In case available
points are inadequate, a message will be shown to indicate how many points
are needed.
III. Other Terms:
a) Reward points which have been credited or debited to or from your
OneCard Credit Card account shall be reflected on the OneCard app. You can
also view the reward points accumulated by you on the OneCard app.
b) FPL reserves the right to wholly or partly modify the OneCard Rewards
Programme. FPL also reserves the right to change the reward point
conversion rate, withdraw reward points awarded or to vary any of the terms
and conditions herein in its absolute discretion without prior notice to the
cardholder.
c) In case this OneCard Rewards Programme comes in conflict with any rule,
regulation or order or any statutory authority, then FPL has the absolute
authority and right to modify or cancel this rewards programme to give effect
to said requirements.
d) Reward points do not expire and have lifetime validity, except in
circumstances detailed below:
- If the OneCard Credit Card is not used for more than 365 days, the accrued
reward points will be nullified.
- FPL reserves the right to cancel or suspend the accrued reward points if the
OneCard Credit Card account is in arrears, suspension or default or if the
OneCard Credit Card account is or is reasonably suspected to be operated
fraudulently.
- In case of cardmember’s death, the reward points earned but not redeemed
at that time will be forfeited.
- If a transaction is reversed by way of a refund/chargeback/reimbursement,
the transaction amount shall be credited back to your OneCard Credit Card
account. In such instances, the reward points accrued on those transactions
will be reduced from the overall points balance.
- In case a cardmember cancels vouchers that were availed of by redeeming
reward points, points can be reinstated at FPL’s discretion at the same rate at
which they were redeemed.
- On closure/termination of OneCard membership, any reward points pending
to be claimed in the cardmember’s account will be forfeited.
e) FPL will not be held responsible if any supplier of products / services
offered to you withdraws, cancels, alters or amends those products / services.
f) FPL makes no warranties for the quality of products / services provided by
the merchant establishments participating in the OneCard Rewards
Programme.
g) You may note that every purchase is assigned a different “Category”
depending upon the Merchant Category Code (“MCC”) defined by MasterCard.
According to this, the merchant acquiring bank classifies the merchant
depending on the service provided by them. For example, Food & Dining,
Shopping, Travel, Entertainment, Groceries, Bills & Utilities, Fuel, and so on.
FPL does not have any control over this MCC classification.
J) REFERRAL PROGRAMME 💳💳
These referral programme terms and conditions shall apply to the customer
who uses the OneCard Credit Card (“Cardholder”/”You”) and the person who
agrees to be referred to the OneCard (“Referred User”). Participation in this
referral programme is entirely voluntary and it is understood that
participation by the Cardholder, shall be deemed to have been made on a
voluntary basis.
This programme will be applicable for all OneCards Credit Card activated via
referral links
You will receive Two Thousand Five Hundred (2,500) bonus reward points for
every new user who joins OneCard Credit Card through your referral link.
b) The Referred User will have to download the OneCard app using the link
provided by you and activate their virtual OneCard Credit Card. You will
receive bonus points only for Referred Users who successfully activate the
OneCard Credit Card.
c) If a Referred User does not join OneCard Credit Card through your referral
link, then you will lose out on the bonus points.
d) Points earned for referring users will not be eligible for the monthly 5X
rewards boost.
e) If a Referred User is already a OneScore App user and has applied for
OneCard Credit Card, then such a Referred User will not be considered for
bonus reward points.
f) If more than one Cardholder provides the same reference, the Referred User
shall receive a referral link from both the Cardholders and the Referred User
can choose to apply using any referral link and the corresponding Cardholder
shall receive the reward points.
g) The referral link shall be valid only for 30 days. In case a Referred User
joins after 30 days, then the Cardholder will not receive points for the same.
h) Along with the referral rewards value and applicable limits, the decision of
issuing OneCard Credit Card to the Referred User will be at the sole discretion
of FPL Technologies, as per our evaluation policy, and is subject to change
without prior notice.
i) IMPORTANT Sharing of personal information between the Cardholder and
the Referred User:
As part of this referral programme and the Cardholder being able to receive
reward points for successful referrals using a referral link, the Referred User
acknowledges, understands and agrees that when the Referred User accepts
the invitation via the referral link and successfully activates the virtual
OneCard Credit Card, the Cardholder will know that the Referred User has
received the OneCard Credit Card. If the Referred User desires to avoid
disclosing this personal information, then the Referred User may choose to
apply independently and not via the referral link sent by the Cardholder.
Likewise, by sending a referral link, the Cardholder, acknowledges,
understands and agrees that the Referred User will know that the Cardholder
stands a chance to get rewarded by way of bonus points. If the Cardholder
does not desire to disclose this information, the Cardholder should not send a
referral link. All communications related to the OneCard Credit Card approval
or rejection will be communicated to the Referred User only and not to the
Cardholder. Only a successful referral will trigger a communication to the
Cardholder along with the reward redemption details.
j) FPL reserves the right to disqualify the Cardholder from the benefits of this
programme, if any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out for the
purpose of availing the benefits under this programme or otherwise by use of
the OneCard Credit Card.
k) You can earn bonus reward points for a maximum of 25 referrals in any
calendar month, and a maximum of 100 referrals in a calendar year.
l) FPL has the sole discretion to change, suspend or modify, from time to time,
the referral programme and the terms and conditions herein in accordance
with applicable laws.
IMPORTANT REGULATORY INFORMATION
i) Your OneCard Credit Card is valid for use both in India as well as abroad. It
is, however, not valid for making foreign currency transactions in Nepal and
Bhutan.
ii) Foreign exchange trading through Internet trading portals is not permitted.
In the event of any violations or failure to comply, you may be liable for penal
action and/or closure of the card.
Declaration And Consent
I hereby acknowledge that I have applied for the OneCard Credit Card issued
by the Bank in partnership with Oneconsumer Services Ltd and declare that I
am a resident Indian o<version> years of age. I declare that all the particulars and
information given as part of application are true, correct and complete and
that OneCard is entitled to verify these details directly or through any third-
party agent. I further understand that OneCard may at its sole discretion
sanction or decline this application for the Card, without assigning any reason
whatsoever. I undertake to inform OneCard regarding any change in my
application credentials originally submitted and to provide any further
information that they may require to process the Application and/or
continued usage on the OneCard. I hereby authorize and give express consent
to OneCard (including the Bank and FPL) to disclose, without notice to me, my
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and other Non-Personally
Identifiable Information (NII) furnished by me in any application form(s) or
related documents executed or furnished by me in relation to the OneCard to
other branches of the Bank, subsidiaries or affiliates of OneCard, Credit
Information bureaus, rating agencies, service providers, service partners
(including any insurance partners) other banks or financial institution,
governmental/ regulatory authorities or third parties for KYC verification ,
bank account statement verification, credit risk analysis, or for other related
purposes that OneCard may deem fit to process my application and/or for
continued usage of the OneCard and/ or for any other marketing objectives. I
hereby specifically waive the privilege of privacy and privity of contract.