Terms & Conditions
INDEX
1. Get familiar with your BPCL SBI Card............................................................. 01
2. Exclusive Features........................................................................................... 02
• Contactless Technology
• Worldwide Acceptance
• Guaranteed Peace of Mind
• Credit Facility
• Enhanced power to your family
• Cash on the Go
- How to get cash from an ATM
- Safety tips for ATM Usage
• Easy Bill Payment Facility
• Balance Transfer
• Flexipay
• Easy Money Facility
• Simple Easy Money Installment
• mBUY
• BPCL SBI Card Alerts
• Insurance
• Instant Redemption
3. Convenience of Technology............................................................................. 07
• Connect with us
• Website
• E-statement
4. How to use your BPCL SBI Card ..................................................................... 09
5. BPCL SBI Card FAQ’s....................................................................................... 10
6. 15 ways to make your BPCL SBI Card payment.............................................. 13
7. Use Credit Responsibly................................................................................... 16
8. Secure your Card............................................................................................ 18
9. Terms & Conditions........................................................................................ 21
10. Most Important Terms & Conditions.............................................................. 36
GET FAMILIAR WITH YOUR CARD 1
ON THE FACE OF YOUR CARD, YOU WILL FIND
A. Your Name: Please check that your name appears
correctly. In case it does not, please call the BPCL SBI
Card Helpline to make the necessary corrections.
B. Your individual 16 digit card number.
C. Valid Thru: This is the date after which your card needs
to be renewed. Your card is valid from the day you
receive it up to and including the last day of the month
indicated on your card.
D. The VISA/RuPay logo: The hologram and the logo
ensure that all establishments throughout the world
6530 0312 3456 7890
displaying the VISA/RuPay logo will accept your card.
E. EMV Chip: BPCL SBI Card offers you additional security
through the EMV chip enabled cards.
ON THE REVERSE OF YOUR CARD, YOU WILL FIND
F. The VISA/RuPay hologram.
G. Magnetic Strip: contains encoded information.
H. Signature Panel: please sign on this as soon as you
receive your card. This identifies the card as yours and
prevents misuse by any other person. Your signature
on this panel would imply your consent to abide by I
the terms & conditions governing the use of your G
card. H J
I. BPCL SBI Card Helpline.
J. Three digit CVV Number. F
EXCLUSIVE FEATURES 2
WORLDWIDE ACCEPTANCE
Your BPCL SBI Card can be used in o<version> million outlets across the globe,
including 3,25,000 outlets in India. Just look for the VISA/RuPay sign of
acceptance and present your card for payment.
GUARANTEED PEACE OF MIND
BPCL SBI Card automatically gives you complete peace of mind with our BPCL
SBI Card Helpline and 24-Hour VISA/RuPay Global Customer Assistance
Services available across the world in case of any emergency. If your card is
lost or stolen during travel outside India, VISA/RuPay/Global Customer Assis-
tance Services provides you with emergency assistance.
CREDIT FACILITY
FLEXIBILITY
Your BPCL SBI Card offers great flexibility of payment. With the extended
credit option, you can plan your payments against your outstanding. You can
pay any amount from the Minimum Amount Due to the Total Amount Due
outstanding as shown in your Monthly Statement. You can then carry forward
the unpaid balance at one of the lowest finance charges available.
ENHANCED POWER TO YOUR FAMILY
You can share the power of your BPCL SBI Card with your family, by applying
for an Add-on card for your spouse, parents, siblings and children o<version>
years of age.
CASH ON THE GO
As an BPCL SBI Cardholder, you can withdraw cash from o<version> million
VISA/RuPay ATMs across the globe, including 18,000 ATMs in India. In addi-
tion to this, you get access to o<version>,000 ATMs across 100 plus cities in
India.
HOW TO GET CASH FROM AN ATM
Now you don't need to enter a bank anymore. The power to access cash at the press of
a key is in your hands 24 hours a day. To access cash from any Rupay ATMs, all you
have to do is:
• Insert your card into the machine as directed and wait till the machine prompts you
to key in your Personal Identification Number (PIN).
• Wait for a few seconds till the machine processes this PIN. It will then ask you to key
in the amount of cash you need.
• Wait for a few seconds till your card comes out, count your cash before you leave.
SAFETY TIPS FOR ATM USAGE
• As soon as you get your PIN, memorize it and destroy the PIN mailer. Do not write
the PIN on your card and never share it with anyone. Not even with our staff. Only
you must know your PIN.
• Do not let anybody use your card to access the ATM facility on your behalf.
• Your PIN cannot be changed. Incase you forget it, please call the BPCL SBI Card Help-
line and ask for it to be re-issued to you.
PLEASE NOTE:
• Your PIN along with your card is the only requirement for using this facility. Anyone
in possession of both can use it to withdraw cash from the ATM.
• Please follow the instructions on the ATM carefully.
• It is important that you respond to the instructions on the ATM in reasonable time.
• In case you do not act after keying in the PIN, your card will either be retained by the
machine or else will be ejected.
• Your card, if retained by the machine, will have to be re-issued and this is subject to
a replacement card fee at the prevailing rate.
• The ATM may disburse currency notes of a particular denomination only.
Easy Bill Payment Facility
B IL L
PAID
With the Easy Bill Pay facility from BPCL SBI Card you can be rest assured you
will never ever forget to pay your utility bills on time. All your utility bills like
electricity, insurance, telephone will get paid before the due date with this
facility from BPCL SBI Card. Bill payments can be done in three ways:
• Standing Instructions- Register yourself for standing instructions where
everytime the bill is due, automatic payment is made to the biller by BPCL
SBI Card on your behalf.
• Online payment through website- You can make online payments on the
BPCL SBI Card website.
BALANCE TRANSFER
LOW
INTEREST You can now save big with our low interest rate options on Balance Transfer
facility. Just transfer the balances from any of your other Credit Cards to your
SBI Credit Card and enjoy Balance Transfer Plans suited to your financial
needs. Get a Balance Transfer in just 3 days for all other VISA Cards and 5-7
working days for Non VISA cards. To avail this facility, the amount transferred
should be a minimum of ` 5,000 and maximum of upto 75% of your available
credit limit on the SBI Credit Card. Processing Fee would be charged as appli-
cable.
FLEXIPAY
FLEXIPAY This is an easy installment plan from BPCL SBI Card that lets you buy just
about anything and repay in easy monthly installments. Choose the plan best
suited to your financial needs and avail of a low-rate of interest. To avail this
facility just call the BPCL SBI Card helpline or book online on sbicard.com
within 10 days of your purchase.
EASY MONEY FACILITY
Now you can avail a cheque any time at your doorstep by just making a phone
call to the BPCL SBI Card Customer Helpline. Use ‘Easy Money’ facility and
avail money against your cash limit for planning a holiday or buying a TV. You
can avail a cheque for a minimum of `5000 and maximum of upto 75% of your
available cash limit on the SBI Credit Card. Processing Fee would be charged
as applicable.
SIMPLE EASY MONEY INSTALLMENT
SIMPLE Easy Money Installment is an offer on SBI Credit Card for customers
just like you, to make your credit card usage a little more convenient and
hassle-free. The offer is brought to you in partnership with the participating
Merchant Establishments thereby enabling you to buy products or services on
Easy Money Installment schemes at select merchant outlets.
HOW DOES IT WORK?
First choose an outlet which is part of the Simple EMI program. Visit the outlet and
choose the products or services you wish to buy. At the time of making payment,
inform the cashier of your intent of purchasing the product or service on EMI through
your BPCL SBI Card.
HOW DO I BENEFIT?
• EMI Amount = Transaction Amount/Tenure
• Earn Regular Reward points even on EMI transactions
• No Documentation and
• On-the-spot approvals.
WHAT ARE THE CHARGES?
• You may be charged a one-time processing fee along with the first EMI or this could
be at no extra cost to you depending on the offer. Please visit sbicard.com or the
participating merchant outlet for more details.
• You can view the list of participating merchant outlets and terms & conditions log
onto sbicard.com
mBUY
BPCL SBI Card brings to you mBuy that allows you to shop on the go. Book
movie tickets, plan your travel, buy gifts, recharge your mobile or DTH & more
anytime, anywhere. Access o<version> merchants on your mobile & pay with
your BPCL SBI Card Card and Make life simple. To download mBuy, SMS mBuy
to 56767 or log onto sbicard.com
BPCL SBI CARD ALERTS
BPCL SBI Card Alerts enables you to receive information regarding your credit
card status as an SMS on your mobile phone. These include Mini Statement
Alerts, Cheque Alerts, Credit & Cash Limit Alerts & Payment Assistance Alerts.
So no matter where you are, we will keep you informed !
With your SBI Credit card you can buy Health Insurance, Personal Accident
Insurance, Motor Insurance, Additional health covers, Travel & Home insur-
ance, Life Insurance and other assistance products, at very affordable rates.
Disclaimer: SBICPSL, SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited (Formerly known as SBI
Cards and Payment Services Private Limited) is a corporate agent of Royal
Sundaram General Insurance Co. Limited, SBI General Insurance Company
Limited & SBI Life Insurance Company Limited Vide IRDAI registration
code – CA0075
Insurance is the subject matter of Solicitation. Royal Sundaram IRDAI
Registration Number -102, SBI Life IRDAI Registration Number – 111, SBI
General IRDAI Registration Number – 144
CONVENIENCE OF TECHNOLOGY
CONNECT WITH US
BPCL SBI Card is now on Facebook, Twitter & YouTube to connect with you
and make your life Simple. Stay connected with us to know your BPCL SBI Card
better - our Features & Offerings, Hot Deals & Services for you, Card Security,
Card Eligibility, Common Card Terms & more.
Connect with us
Facebook/SBICard Twitter/SBICard_Connect YouTube/SBICardConnect
www.sbicard.com
WEBSITE
Discover the power of convenience with sbicard.com and manage your BPCL
SBI Card anytime anywhere. Access your account information, raise a service
request or book a cross-sell product at the click of a button. Do More, View
More and Manage More online.
DO MORE
• Apply online for BPCL SBI Card
• Apply for Flexipay, Encash, Balance Transfer for Easy Money
• Online Bill Payment
• Request for an Add-on card or ATM PIN
• Request for an ATM PIN
VIEW MORE
• Account Summary
• Unbilled Transactions
• Spends Analyzer
• Card Statement & Payment History for last 12 months
MANAGE MORE
• Single Window View
• Track Booked Offers
• Instant Contact Updation
• Subscribe to e-Statement or Request for Duplicate Statement
TO REGISTER, FOLLOW THIS SIMPLE 5 STEP PROCESS:
1. Click on the First time user M RE
2. Enter your 16 digit SBI Credit Card Number Po .
w e r t o Yo u
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Expiry Date MM YY CVV Submit
3. Your One Time Password will be sent to your registered mobile no. and
email id instantly
4. Login with your SBI Card Number and the password provided
SBI Card Number
Password
Login
HOW TO USE YOUR BPCL SBI CARD? 9
Using your BPCL SBI Card is very simple. Once you have made a purchase at any of the
merchant establishments that display the VISA/RuPay sign, please present your card
for payment.
The establishment will prepare a charge slip (specimen shown above), very much like
a normal bill, which contains the details of the transaction.
• Contactless Technology
• Worldwide Acceptance
• Please verify the amount A and
ensure that other particulars on your
charge slip are correct.
• Kindly add the amount paid as tips
and miscellaneous expenses and
ensure that the total amount is filled.
Check the amount in words (never
leave the total blank).
• Please sign on the charge slip at the
place indicated B in the same way
as you have signed on the reverse of
your card. You will be returned a
copy of the charge slip, the actual
bill and your card.
• Before you leave, please ensure that
you have received your card.
• The amount you spend on your card
will appear in your monthly state-
ment. You can make your BPCL SBI
Card payment using any of the 15
payment options available. Normal
use of card does not attract any
transaction fee or interest charge
except in case of late payment / no
payment.
BPCL SBI CARD FAQ’s
BPCL SBI CARD FAQ’s 11
1. What is BPCL SBI Card?
Ans: BPCL SBI Card powered by VISA/RuPay payWave is a fast and convenient way
to pay for every day purchases. It is a secure, contactless chip technology
designed to help you spend less time at the cash register and give you the free-
dom to do the things that matter most to you.
2. How does the BPCL SBI Card work?
Ans: Step 1: Look for the VISA/RuPay payWave mark & contactless logo at the point
of sale.
Step 2: The cashier enters your purchase amount into the terminal. This amount
will be displayed on the contactless reader.
Step 3: Hold your card over the reader at close range (less than 4 cm from
where the contactless logo appears).
Step 4: Four green indicator lights or a beep sound will indicate when the trans
action is complete. A message will also be displayed on the screen indicating
the transaction is complete. No PIN is required.
Look Wave Go
Please note that payment through contactless mode is allowed for a maximum
of `5000 for a single transaction.
3. What are the benefits?
Ans: Contactless payment functionality powered by VISA/RuPay payWave is specially
designed for you for speed, convenience and security. During a contactless
transaction the card never leaves your hand. This greatly reduces the risk of card
loss and fraud through counterfeit/ skimming. A VISA/RuPay payWave card has
its own, unique, built-in, secret key, which is used to generate a unique code for
every VISA/RuPay payWave transaction, thus making it more secure. There’s no
dipping, swiping or fumbling for cash. You’re ready to go in just a few seconds.
Ideal for places like fast-food joints, petrol stations, movie theatre etc. You don’t
need to look for cash/coins for small ticket everyday purchases. It is also easier
to keep track of these expenses.
4. Is there a limit for a contactless transaction amount? Can I set my own limit?
Ans: Payment through the contactless mode is allowed for a limit of maximum `5000
for a single transaction. For a contactless transaction PIN is not required.
This limit is common for all customers and setting up of individual limit is not
possible. Any transaction amount more than `5000 has to be carried out through
a contact transaction (Dip or Swipe) and entering the PIN. You can also choose
to do a contact transaction (Dip or Swipe) with PIN for transactions amount
below `5000.
5. Where can I use my BPCL SBI Card?
Ans: You can look for the Universal Contactless symbol at the POS machine at
merchant outlets. Also, please visit sbicard.com for details of merchants enabled
for VISA/RuPay Paywave contactless payment acceptance.
6. Can I use my BPCL SBI Card at other merchants (not enabled
for contactless payment acceptance) as well?
Ans: Yes, for the merchants not enabled for contactless payment acceptance, you can
use this card for a normal dip or swipe transaction.
7. Could I be debited twice if I have more than one contactless card?
Ans: No, as contactless readers will only communicate with one card at a time. If the
shop’s reader finds more than one contactless card in your wallet or purse, you
will be asked to select one card to pay.
8. Could I unknowingly have made a purchase if I walk past the reader?
Ans: No. Your card has to be waved within 4 cm of the card reader for more than half
a second and the retailer must have first entered the amount for you to approve.
Terminals can only process one payment transaction at a time, therefore reduc-
ing transaction errors.
9. Is there any difference in the process for ATM and Internet transactions for the
BPCL SBI Card?
Ans: There is no difference in transaction process for ATM or any Card not present
transactions including internet transactions. For ATM transactions you need to
enter the PIN and for Internet transaction you need to enter your 3D secure PIN
or OTP.
15 WAYS TO MAKE BPCL SBI CARD PAYMENT 13
Online SBI
Simply log-on to onlinesbi.com to pay your bills directly from your SBI Bank
Account. Payment will reflect instantly on your SBI Credit Card account.
NEFT (National Electronic Funds Transfer)
Pay SBI Card bill online from any bank account using IFSC code SBIN00-
CARDS. Your payment will be credited in 3 banking hours.
PayNet
Click on PayNet at sbicard.com to make your payment online through net
banking. Payment will reflect instantly on your SBI Credit Card account.
Pay Via UPI
a. UPI BHIM SBIPAY- Pay via BHIM SBI Pay App for instant credit on your card,
you can download the app from Playstore.
b. UPI QR/Web Collect Code - Pay your SBI Credit Card outstanding by scan-
ning the QR code or through your bank account VPA. For more details, visit
www.sbicard.com
SBI Card Mobile App
Pay through SBI Card Mobile App. You can download the app from Apple iOS,
Android or Windows app store.
Electronic Bill Payment
Pay online, directly from your bank account using Bill Pay facility of your bank.
Debit Card Payment
Pay online using any bank debit card. Payment will reflect instantly on your
SBI Credit Card account. For more details, visit www.sbicard.com.
Pay Via yono
Pay through YONO App by SBI and enjoy instant credit to your card account,
you can download the app from Playstore or AppStore
VISA Credit Card Pay
Use VISA Credit Card Pay to transfer funds and to pay your SBI Credit Card
bill. Available for VISA Cardholders only. Your payment will be credited
instantly.
Auto Debit
Authorize SBI Card to debit your bank account (savings/current) by filling the
Auto Debit mandate available at select banks. For more details, visit www.
sbicard.com.
National Automated Clearing House(NACH)
Authorize SBI Card to debit your bank account (savings/current) by filling the
NACH mandate. For more detail visit www.sbicard.com.
Over the Counter Payment
Pay in cash/transfer/Cheque at SBI Branches. Your payment will be credited
in 2 working days.
SBI Card Drop Box
Manual drop box: Please make Cheque/Draft payable to your “SBI Card
Number XXX” (16 Digit Card Number). Please drop your cheque in SBI Card
box only. Outstation/Non-CTS cheques are not accepted. Your Payment will
be credited in 3 working days. To locate your nearest SBI Card Drop Box,
please visit www.sbicard.com.
Electronic Drop Box
Electronic drop box: Please make Cheque payable to your “SBI Card Number
XXX” (16 Digit Card Number) and get an instant receipt. Available in select
cities only. Outstation/Non-CTS Cheques are not accepted. Your Payment will
be credited in 3 working days. To locate your nearest SBI Card Drop Box,
please visit www.sbicard.com.
SBI ATM
Pay at any SBI ATM with your SBI Debit Card. Your payment will be credited
in 3 working days.
NOTE:
A.Please drop your Cheque/Demand Draft well in advance to avoid any late payment & interest charges.
Post receiving the Cheque/Demand Draft, it will take 3 working days for the payment to be credited to
your card account. Credit is subject to realization.
B. In case of digital payments, delay in bank settlement or network failure may lead to payment being
credited to your card account in 24-48 hours.
USE CREDIT RESPONSIBLY 16
While you are empowered to use your credit card the way you wish to, it is best to use
it responsibly. As credit card mismanagement is on the rise various financial institu-
tions in the country have set up CIBIL, a body to monitor credit usage and safeguard
the interests of member banks and financial institutions. Here is how an ideal credit
cycle works:
You borrow
credit
You make
You get credit
your payments
at better terms
on time
Ideal Credit Cycle
You need to Your payment
borrow credit record is shared
again with CIBIL
Your credit
score improves
WHAT IS CREDIT INFORMATION BUREAU INDIA LIMITED (CIBIL)?
CIBIL is India’s first credit information bureau established in 2004. It is a repository of
information which contains the credit history of all borrowers CIBIL’s members include
all leading banks, financial institutions,non-banking financial companies, housing
finance companies, state financial corporations and credit card companies
WHAT IS A CREDIT INFORMATION REPORT?
A Credit Information Report (CIR) is a factual record of a borrower’s credit payment
history compiled from information received from different credit grantors. Its purpose
is to help Banks & Financial Institutions make informed lending decisions - quickly and
objectively.
HOW DOES THE CREDIT INFORMATION REPORT IMPACT ME?
When you approach the Banks & Financial Institutions for credit, your application will
be evaluated on the basis of your past payment history, existing credit lines and other
factors such as income and security. A good past payment history may lead to credit
being granted faster and on better terms.
On the other hand, a poor past payment record indicate past delinquency and can lead
to denial of credit or extremely expensive credit.
Therefore prudent credit management and financial discipline is a must to ensure a
good credit history for enabling you for smooth and faster access to affordable credit
in the future.
HOW DO I IMPROVE MY CREDIT RECORD?
• Make at least the minimum amount due on time each month. On time payments will
have the most positive significant impact on your credit record.
• Maintain affordable & reasonable levels of credit
• Limit the number of credit cards that you hold. Maintaining a large number of cards
can hurt your credit history.
• Do not use your credit card such that your outstanding is very close to your credit
limit as this can adversely affect your credit rating.
HOW CAN YOU MAINTAIN A GOOD CREDIT HISTORY?
There are a number of things you can do to build and maintain a good credit history.
Here are some important do's and don'ts :
DO’S
• Make your credit card payments on time
• Pay off your “Minimum Amount Due” on your card every month
• Contact your creditors if you are having trouble making payments
• Make sure that your monthly account statement is correct
• Read the statements and other material you receive from your credit card
company carefully
• Deal with companies you know and trust
• Pay attention to late payments, calls or letters from credit agencies, and denied
or revoked credit. These are all signs that your credit history may be in
jeopardy!
DON’TS
• Do not pay late
• Do not sign a credit contract until you read and understand it
• Don't go over the credit limit on your credit card
• Don't wait to report any unauthorized transactions on your account
• Don't open new credit accounts for the purpose of debit consolidation without
closing existing accounts
• Do not miss reviewing your monthly statements
• Do not close credit cards in an improper manner, it can hurt your credit score
SECURE YOUR CARD
TAKING CARE OF YOUR CARD
• The black magnetic strip contains important information about your card and needs
special handling. Do not keep your card in an area where there is a continuous
magnetic field. Do not leave it on top of your television set or near any electronic
appliance
• Avoid scratching the magnetic strip
• Do not place two cards with the magnetic strips together
• Do not bend the card
• Keep your card away from heat and direct sunlight, e.g. do not leave it in a car
parked in sun
These simple precautions will help protect the important information stored on the
magnetic strip and ensure that you do not face any problems while using your card.
DO’S
• Accept the welcome kit if it’s properly sealed. Destroy the PIN mailer after mem-
orizing it
• Ensure that your mobile number is updated and registered for instant transaction
alerts.
• Check transaction SMS alerts regularly and report disputed transactions to the
call centre immediately
• Report lost or stolen card immediately. You can block your card on IVR also
• Keep your credit card issuer company informed about any change of address in
advance
• Destroy your existing credit card cutting it diagonally into pieces at the time of
renewal, upgradation or cancellation
• Make online transactions only on secured websites with ‘https’ and has a pad-
lock symbol rather than ‘http’ in the address bar
DON’TS
• Do not disclose your CVV, PIN, One time password (OTP), Online account access
ID & password or any other sensitive information to anyone
• Do not respond to phishing e-mails or SMS attacks asking for your BPCL SBI
Card details
• Do not access your online account on unsecure public computers like cyber
cafes
• Do not handover your SBI Credit Card to anyone including company representa-
tives
SIMPLE STEPS TO PROTECT YOUR CARD AGAINST FRAUD
LOST OR STOLEN
• Please call the BPCL SBI Card Helpline and report the loss/theft or the VISA/RuPay
Helpline abroad to report the loss so that we can block your account immediately
• Report the loss to the police and collect a copy of the complaint/FIR immediately
• Confirm the loss to us in writing along with a copy of police complaint/FIR
CARD RENEWAL
• A new BPCL SBI Card will be sent to you
automatically when the card you currently hold
expires, provided your account is in good standing
• Your new BPCL SBI Card becomes valid after your
present card expires
• On expiry, the card must be destroyed by cutting it
into multiple pieces across the black magnetic strip
CPP
• BPCL SBI Card introduces CPP (Card Protection Plan), India’s first comprehensive
card protection service for use in the event of card loss, theft and related fraud. This
product is designed to help you safe-guard all your Cards with CPP. No matter where
you are, make One Free Call to CPP’s 24 Hour Helpline to report loss of cards or
fraud. CPP will notify all your Issuers and you will not need to call them individually.
It will also additionally ensure that you would not be stranded anywhere away from
home as a result, by helping pay your hotel bills, travel tickets and providing you
some emergency cash and helping restore your confidence and freedom! Call BPCL
SBI Card Helpline at 0124-39010303 OR SMS SBICPP to 56767 to buy Card
Protection Plan.
Terms & Conditions
CARDHOLDER AGREEMENT 22
Before you sign or use the enclosed BPCL SBI Card, please read this Agreement, as your use of the Card will
be governed by the terms and conditions below:
1. DEFINITIONS
‘You’ and ‘Your’ shall mean the applicant whose name appears on the BPCL SBI Card application form and
includes his/her heirs and assignees. ‘Additional Cardholder’ shall mean an individual issued a Card as per
your instruction in line with clause 2.6 of this Agreement. ‘Card’ or ‘Credit Card’ or BPCL SBI Card’ shall mean
a credit card issued by SBICPSL on a Card Account and which entitles a Cardholder to use the Card Account.
‘Cardholder’ is an individual who holds a Card under this Agreement and shall mean a Primary Cardholder
and, where appropriate the Additional Cardholder.
‘Card Account’ shall mean an account opened and maintained by SBICPSL for the purpose of usage of the
Card, under this Agreement.
‘Cash Advance’ shall mean any transaction whereby cash or cash equivalent is obtained by the Cardholder
by use of the Card/Card number.
‘Charges’ shall mean all amounts charged to the Card Account under this Agreement including but not limited
to purchase of goods, services or cash advances by use of the Card or a Card number, balance transfers,
joining fee, annual fees, interest charges, finance charges, over limit charges, late payment charges,
collection charges, maintenance charges transaction charges and service charges.
‘International transactions’ mean the transactions entered into by the Cardholder on his/her Card outside of
India, Nepal and Bhutan.
‘Merchant Establishment’ shall mean any company, establishment, firm or person, wherever located and in
whatever form (including the Internet), which is designated as a/VISA/RuPay merchant and or with whom
there is an arrangement for a Cardholder to obtain goods, services or cash advances by use of the Card or
Card number and includes any establishment displaying the VISA/RuPay symbol which appears on the face
of the Card.
‘Primary Cardholder’ means a Cardholder in whose name the Card Account is maintained. ‘Purchase Balance’
shall mean any and all amounts relating to non-cash transactions owing
to SBICPSL.
‘Total Outstanding’, ‘Outstanding’ or ‘Outstanding Balance’ (capitalised or not, in singular or plural) shall
mean any and all amounts owing to SBICPSL on the Card Account.
‘SBICPSL’ shall mean SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited (formerly known as SBI Cards and Payment
Services Private Limited) having its registered office at Unit 401 & 402,4th Floor, Aggarwal Millennium
Tower, E 1,2,3, Netaji Subhash Place,
Wazirpur, New Delhi – 110034, and shall include its successors and assignees.
“BPCL SBI Card” means a Cobrand Credit Card issued by SBICPSL pursuant to this Agreement, which is
customized and carries the name and/or logo of on the front face of the Cobrand
Credit Card and logo of BPCL SBI Card.
2. THE CARD
2.1 You shall be deemed to have unconditionally agreed to be bound by this Cardholder Agreement by
acknowledging receipt of the Card in writing or by signing on the reverse of the Card or by incurring a
Charge on the Card. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement then you must cut the Card in
half and return it to SBICPSL promptly.
2.2 The Card is the property of SBICPSL and must be surrendered to SBICPSL on request. The Cardholder
must not permit any other person to use the Card and should safeguard it from misuse by retaining it
under his/her personal control at all times.
2.3 Each Cardholder may be issued a personal identification number or a password (PIN) to enable use of
the Card for accessing his/her Card Account on the ATM and Internet and also for availing any
privilege, benefit or service that may be offered by SBICPSL on the Card. The PIN will be communicated
to the Cardholder entirely at his/her risk, who shall not disclose the PIN to any person and shall take
all possible care to avoid its discovery by any person. The Cardholder shall be liable for all transactions
made with the use of the PIN, whether with or without the knowledge of the Cardholder.
SBICPSL reserves the right to refuse any transactions if it believes that the PIN is being misused or
being used without appropriate authorisation.
2.4 The Card is valid up to the last day of the month of the year indicated on the face of the Card unless
cancelled earlier. Upon expiry or earlier cancellation, the Card may be renewed or reinstated at the sole
discretion of SBICPSL. On expiry, the Card must be destroyed by cutting it in half diagonally.
2.5 A Joining fee at the prevailing rate will be levied on opening of the Card Account. An Annual fee at the
prevailing rate will be levied upon opening of the Card Account and then annually during the month in
which the Card Account was originally opened. An Annual Additional Card fee will also be levied for
each Additional Card on the Card Account at the prevailing rate. The Joining and Annual fee(s) are
subject to change at the discretion of SBICPSL and are not refundable.
2.6 SBICPSL may, based on the Primary Cardholder’s written request, issue Additional Cards to individuals
nominated by the Primary Cardholder who shall be unconditionally bound by this Agreement.
2.7 The Primary Cardholder shall be fully liable to SBICPSL for all the Charges on his/her Card and also for
those incurred by the Additional Cardholders. The Additional Cardholders shall be jointly and severally
liable to SBICPSL for all the Charges even though the monthly statement of account may be sent only
to the Primary Cardholder. The Primary Cardholder may at any time request cancellation of any
Additional Card(s) but will continue to remain liable for any Charges on such Additional Card(s).
3. USE OF THE CARD
3.1 The Card is valid for use in India and internationally as per usage restrictions, entitlements and other
conditions stipulated by Reserve Bank of India ("RBI") or any other Government authority from time to
time.
3.2 The Card is not valid for payment in foreign exchange in Nepal and Bhutan. The currency of transaction
on the Card in Nepal and Bhutan shall be the local currency or Indian Rupee.
3.3 The Cardholder (including the Additional Cardholder) shall strictly comply with all requirements of the
foreign exchange control/management regulations issued by RBI from time to time and in the event of
non-compliance, the Cardholder will be liable for action under the applicable exchange control/
management regulations. Moreover, the Cardholder may be debarred from holding the Card at the
instance of RBI or SBICPSL.
3.4 Use of the Card at Merchant Establishments will be limited by the credit limit assigned to each Card
Account by SBICPSL from time to time. In case of Additional Cards issued by SBICPSL, the extent of use
of all Cards so issued will be limited by the Card Account’s credit limit. The Outstanding on the Card
Account must not exceed the credit limit at any time. In the event of breach of this provision, the
Cardholder will be charged an over limit fee at the prevailing rate. The Cardholder must repay the
excess immediately. The over limit fee is subject to change at the discretion of SBICPSL. The credit limit
may be revised from time to time at the discretion of SBICPSL.
3.5 SBICPSL may, at any time without prior notice, refuse authorisation for a Charge incurred at a Merchant
Establishment, and/or restrict or defer the Cardholder’s ability to use the Card and/or suspend or
cancel the Card and/or repossess (directly or through a Merchant Establishment or any other third
party) the Card if it reasonably believes that it is necessary to do so for proper management of credit
or business risk or if the Card or the Card Account is being or likely to be misused or if the Cardholder
is in violation of the exchange control/management regulations or any other applicable law or
regulation.
3.6 The Card may be used for personal purposes and for bona fide business expenses.
3.7 The Cardholder shall ensure that he/she maintains a detailed record of his/her transactions on the
Internet. SBICPSL is not obliged to make any independent verification with regard to order details
provided by the Cardholder and shall be entitled to rely on the details submitted by the Cardholder on
the Internet.
3.8 Some transactions may attract a service charge, in addition to the amount of the Charge, at certain
Merchant Establishments. SBICPSL may also levy charges for collection of cheques, maintenance of the
Card Accounts, and for other services that may be rendered to the Cardholder from time to time.
3.9 The Cardholder must sign and collect the Chargeslip, Cash Advance Slip or Mail Order Coupon at the
time of incurring the Charge. Failure to sign a chargeslip will not avoid liability for the Charges. The
Cardholder must retain his/her own copy of the chargeslips. Copies of chargeslips will not normally be
provided by SBICPSL. However, at its discretion, and upon customer request, SBICPSL may provide
copies thereof subject to an additional charge.
3.10 In relation to Charges on account of mail order or telephone or electronic commerce (e.g. on the
Internet) where a charge slip or voucher may not be available for signature, the Cardholder accepts that
in the event of any dispute regarding the authenticity or validity of such a Charge, the Cardholder will
first clear his/her Outstanding on the Card and then endeavour to resolve the dispute directly with the
concerned Merchant Establishment.
3.11 Any charge slip or other payment requisition (electronic or otherwise) received from a Merchant
Establishment or any intermediary by SBICPSL for payment shall be conclusive proof that the amount
recorded on such charge slip or other requisition was properly incurred by the use of the Card by the
Cardholder. Should the Cardholder choose to disagree with a Charge indicated in the monthly
statement of account, the same should be communicated to SBICPSL within 10 (ten) days of the
statement date, failing which it would be construed that all Charges and the monthly statement of
account are entirely in order.
3.12 You agree that an electronic record or printout of an electronic record or a copy produced from a
microfilm or a scanned /digital image of any document or Charge relating to your Card / Card Account
with SBICPSL or produced from data received by SBICPSL electronically from the Merchant
Establishment or from you or any intermediary, shall be conclusive evidence of that document or
Charge for any purpose.
3.13 SBICPSL will not be responsible if any Merchant Establishment refuses to accept the Card or is unable
to transact on the Card or levies a surcharge on the Card. However, the Cardholder should notify
SBICPSL of this complaint. SBICPSL is not responsible or liable for any defect or deficiency in respect
of goods and services charged to the Card. Any dispute should be settled directly by the Cardholder
with the Merchant Establishment and failure to do so will not relieve the Cardholder of any obligations
to SBICPSL. The existence of a claim or dispute shall not relieve the Cardholder of his/her obligation to
pay all Charges and the Cardholder agrees to pay promptly such Charges, notwithstanding any dispute
or claim whatsoever. No claim by the Cardholder against a Merchant Establishment will be the subject
of a set-off or counterclaim against SBICPSL.
3.14 SBICPSL may, at its sole discretion, permit from time to time, its Cardholder to transfer his/her
Outstanding balances ("Balance Transfer/s") on other credit cards and credit facilities availed by him /
her from other companies and financial institutions. Balance Transfers will not be accepted from
overdue status accounts or where the credit limit has been exceeded or which are greater than the
Outstanding balances on such other credit cards and will be limited to such percentage of the available
credit limit on the Card as may be determined by SBICPSL. Balance Transfer requests will also not be
accepted from other SBI card accounts. By choosing to avail of the Balance Transfer facility, the
Cardholder authorizes SBICPSL to make payments to companies / financial institutions so designated.
SBICPSL, however, reserves its absolute right to refuse any Balance Transfer request. The Cardholder
must continue to meet his / her obligations in respect of his / her existing credit facilities, balances of
which are the subject of Transfer hereunder, until he/she has received a written intimation from
SBICPSL that the Balance Transfer request has been accepted and payments have been made to the
companies/financial institutions so designated. SBICPSL will not be liable for any new charges,
overdue payments or interests incurred on other credit cards/facilities. SBICPSL may, in its discretion,
stipulate additional terms and conditions from time to time.
3.15 The Cardholder acknowledges that the privileges, benefits and facilities attached to the Card may be
suspended/ withdrawn by SBICPSL at its discretion at any time without liability to the Cardholder.
Termination of this Cardholder Agreement shall result automatically in the termination of such
privileges, benefits and facilities. SBICPSL shall not be liable in any way to the Cardholder for any
defect or deficiency in any privileges, benefits or facilities provided by third party suppliers or
Merchant Establishments.
3.16 A purchase and a cancellation of goods/services, e.g. air/rail tickets, are two separate transactions.
The Cardholder must pay for the purchase transaction as it appears on the statement to avoid incurring
finance charges or fees. Credit of refund on account of cancellation will be made to the Card Account
(less cancellation charges) only when received from the Merchant Establishment. No cash refund will
be given to the Cardholder. If a credit is not posted to the Card Account within a reasonable time, the
Cardholder must notify SBICPSL within 30 (thirty) days of cancellation.
3.17 The onus of complying with the foreign exchange control / management regulations, baggage rules,
EXIM Policy and other applicable laws, as amended from time to time, is solely that of the Cardholder
and the Cardholder and shall indemnify and hold harmless SBICPSL from any consequence, loss,
damage, expense or any other financial charge that SBICPSL may incur and/or suffer on account of the
Cardholder’s contravention of any applicable law and regulation. Non-compliance with the regulations
shall not be a ground for the Cardholder to delay or refuse the amounts payable to SBICPSL. In case
the Card is suspended/ cancelled, whether on account of non-compliance with exchange
control/management regulations or otherwise, SBICPSL will not be responsible for any attempted
usage of the Card, whether in India or abroad, resulting in the Card being dishonoured and the
concerned Merchant Establishment would be entitled to pick up the Card on presentation.
4. CASH ADVANCES
The Cardholder may be permitted to obtain a Cash Advance from designated branches of State Bank
of India, Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) and/or other permitted establishments subject to
applicable terms and requirements imposed by SBICPSL from time to time. A minimum and/or
maximum amount of Cash Advance that can be accessed on the Card in a single charge or in a single
business day may be specified by SBICPSL periodically. The total amount that will be available for cash
withdrawal at any point in time will be governed by cash limits set up periodically which will be
disclosed to the Cardholder in the monthly statement of account. A cash advance fee will be levied on
each such Charge and will be billed to the Cardholder.
5. INSURANCE BENEFITS
5.1 Insurance is optional and a subject matter of solicitation. In the event any insurance cover or benefit of
any insurance cover is made available to the Cardholder by an insurance company at the request of
SBICPSL, the Cardholder specifically acknowledges that SBICPSL will not be liable in any manner
whatsoever and that the insurance company will be solely liable for all claims thereunder. The
Cardholder shall not hold SBICPSL responsible for any matter arising out of or in connection with such
insurance cover, whether for or in respect of any deficiency or defect in such insurance cover.
Recovery or payment of compensation, processing or settlement of claims or any other matter in
relation to the insurance cover shall be addressed to and resolved directly by the Cardholder with the
insurance company.
5.2 The Cardholder further acknowledges that the insurance cover so provided will be available to the
Cardholder only as per the terms of the relevant insurance policy in force and only so long as the Card
Account is maintained in good standing. On the Card being suspended or cancelled for whatever
reason, the benefit of such insurance cover shall automatically and ipso facto cease to be available
from the date of suspension/cancellation of the Card Account.
5.3 The Cardholder hereby authorizes SBICPSL to require the insurance company to settle any
Outstanding on his/her Card Account before payment of any compensation or claim to his/her heirs,
nominees, beneficiaries, etc., under the insurance policy.
6. BILLING & SETTLEMENT
6.1 The monthly statements of account shall be sent to the Cardholder by mail unless the Cardholder
specifically opts for such statements to be sent by e-mail, in which case they shall be sent at the e-mail
address specified by him/her in the application or by a separate intimation. Additionally, the
Cardholder may also access his/her Card Account on the Internet, as and when so enabled by
SBICPSL, at its website by using his/her PIN to check his/her statement of account.
If the Cardholder experiences any difficulty in accessing the electronically delivered statement of
account, he/she shall promptly inform SBICPSL. The Cardholder agrees to access his/her aforesaid
e-mail account at regular intervals of time.
The Cardholder will not hold SBICPSL responsible for his/her not having access, for any reason
whatsoever, to the information and statements of account sent to him/her via e-mail. Failure on the
part of the Cardholder to receive the statement of account electronically (by e-mail or through access
to the Card Account on the Internet) will not avoid his/her liability for the Charges incurred on the
Card and the Cardholder shall be liable to make payment for the Charges within 30 days of incurring
the Charge on the basis of his/her own record of the transaction or earlier if requested by SBICPSL.
6.2 SBICPSL will debit the Card Account for all the Charges incurred by use of the Card and provided for
in the Agreement. Charges in respect of International Transactions incurred in foreign currency will be
segregated from the Indian Rupee transactions in the statement of account. All Charges (including
those in respect of International Transactions) shall be billed in Indian Rupees. The Cardholder agrees
and hereby authorises SBICPSL to convert Charges in respect of International Transactions incurred in
foreign currency to Indian Rupees at the applicable foreign exchange rates plus any service charges.
SBICPSL will credit the Card Account for all payments made by the Cardholder to SBICPSL and also for
any credit received from the Merchant Establishments in favour of the Cardholder. When the Card
Account has a debit(s) or a credit(s) to be applied over a statement period as determined by SBICPSL
from time to time, SBICPSL will send a monthly statement of account to the Cardholder reflecting such
debit(s)/credit(s). The Cardholder’s obligations and liabilities under this Agreement will not be
affected in any way by non-receipt of the monthly statement of account and the Cardholder shall be
liable to settle the Outstanding balance on the Card in due time on the basis of his/her chargeslip,
noting, record or any other evidence (electronic or otherwise) of the Charge.
6.3 The monthly statement of account will set out, inter alia, the Outstanding balance on the Card Account,
minimum payment required to be made and the due date for payment. The minimum payment due from
the Cardholder each month will consist of (a) the monthly payment - this amount is payable by the due
date shown on the relevant monthly statement of account and will be 5% of the Outstanding balance
on the Card Account or `200 whichever is higher (refer Tariff of Charges) and (b) any overdue amount
and any over limit amount - these amounts are payable immediately; or if the Outstanding balance is
less than ` 200/-, the minimum amount payable will be equal to the Outstanding balance on the Card
Account.
6.4 (a) Unless the interest-free period applies as set out below, SBICPSL will levy a finance charge on any
new purchase (and any related debited charge) from the day on which it is debited to the Card
Account. The interest-free period for a purchase (and any related debited charge) in any statement
period will apply if the Outstanding balance on the Card Account for the previous statement period
(if any) is paid in full by its due date. If the Outstanding balance on the Card Account is not paid in
full by its due date, a finance charge will be levied on any new purchase (and any related debited
charge) from the day on which the purchase (and any related debited charge) is debited to the Card
Account and on the Outstanding account balance on the Card Account from the first day of the last
statement period. SBICPSL will charge interest on a Cash Advance from the day on which the Cash
Advance is debited to the Card Account.
(b) SBICPSL will ordinarily levy a finance charge on the Purchase Balance Outstanding on the Card
Account on a daily basis by applying its current daily percentage rate to the amount of the Purchase
Balance Outstanding at the end of each day. SBICPSL will levy a finance charge on Cash Advance
balances on a daily basis by applying its current daily percentage rate to the amount of the Cash
Advance balance at the end of each day.
(c) The finance charge as above, will continue to be payable after termination of this Agreement or
closure of the Card Account till Outstanding on the Card Account is cleared in full.
(d) SBICPSL may at any time, under intimation to the Cardholder, vary the finance charge to take into
account prevailing interest rates, market forces and credit and business risks.
(e) No interest will be paid on any credit balances in the Card Account.
6.5 (a) The Cardholder must make payment to SBICPSL each month of at least the minimum amount due
as described in clause 6.3 hereinbefore.
(b) Punctual payment is essential and it is a condition of this Agreement that all payments must reach
SBICPSL on or before the payment due date indicated in the monthly statement of account but not
later than 30 days from the date of incurring the Charge in any case.
(c) If the minimum amount due is not paid by the payment due date, a late payment fee will be debited
to the Card Account.
(d) Payments will be applied towards the Charges on the Card Account in the following order:
(I) In repayment of unpaid fees;
(ii) In repayment of service charges;
(iii) In repayment of membership fee (Joining/Annual);
(iv) In repayment of late payment fee;
(v) In repayment of chequedishonoured fee;
(vi) In repayment of collection expenses;
(vii) In repayment of over limit fee;
(viii) In repayment of interest debited to the Card Account;
(ix) In repayment of Charges;
(x) In repayment of any Charges incurred but not yet billed, and thereafter at the discretion of
SBICPSL.
(e) All payments made by cheque/draft are subject to realisation. Outstation cheques/drafts are
subject to a collection charge at the prevailing rate, which is subject to change at the discretion of
SBICPSL.
(f) Should any payment instrument be subsequently dishonoured, a fee will be charged respect of a
dishonoured instrument. SBICPSL also reserves the right to initiate all appropriate legal action(s).
Please refer to MITC for the exact fees for chequedishonour fee and other related charges.
6.6 Duplicate monthly statements of account will be provided by SBICPSL to the Cardholder only for a
period of six months preceding the Cardholder's request and would be subject to a service charge.
6.7 The Cardholder will be liable for all Charges incurred and all other obligations under the terms and
conditions of this Cardholder Agreement until the Card Account is repaid in full.
6.8 “BPCL SBI Cards may, at its sole discretion and in accordance to its internal policy and procedures or
on request from the Card Holder may waive / reverse interest, fees or other charges which had been
charged or levied by it to the Card Holder”
6.9 “Notwithstanding anything inconsistent contained in any other clause of the Cardholder Agreement/
Most Important Terms & Conditions (“MITC”), it is further stipulated that if the cardholder does not pay
the minimum amount due for a period of 180 days, then the credit card services being provided by
BPCL SBI Card under this Agreement shall stand terminated, however the Cardholder shall continue to
be liable for any unpaid sum as on the 180th day plus any finance charges / delayed payment interest
that BPCL SBI Card may, at its sole discretion and option and in accordance to its various internal
policies and procedures, levy for the period post 180 days after the payment due date.”
7. LOST OR STOLEN CARDS
7.1 In the event the Card, Card number or the PIN is lost, stolen or misused by another person, the
Cardholder must report the occurrence to SBICPSL. Although loss, theft or misuse may be reported by
any means, the Cardholder must confirm to SBICPSL in writing immediately after reporting the
loss/theft/misuse to the police. A copy of the police complaint/First Information Report (FIR) must
accompany the written confirmation.
7.2 If the Cardholder loses his/her Card overseas, he/she may either report the occurrence to SBICPSL or
report the loss through the VISA/RuPay Global Emergency Assistance Services. In case the Cardholder
uses the VISA/RuPay Global Emergency Assistance Services then the charges would be applicable as
provided in the cardholder guide.
7.3 SBICPSL is neither liable nor responsible for any transactions incurred on the card account prior to the
time of reporting of the loss of the card, and the card member will be wholly responsible and liable for
the same. However it is stipulated that after receipt of proper notification of the loss by SBICPSL by any
means preferably on call or in writing, the card member shall have no financial liability. Furthermore,
in addition to notifying SBICPSL about the loss or theft of the card, the card member must report any
thefts of cards to police and other investigating authorities and lodge a First Information Report (“FIR”).
7.4 The Cardholder will not be liable for transactions made on the Card after receipt by SBICPSL of the
written notice of the loss/theft/misuse.
7.5 On the loss of the Card, SBICPSL may at its sole discretion issue a replacement Card at a fee. In the
event the Cardholder subsequently recovers the Card, the recovered Card must not be used and must
be cut in half diagonally and returned immediately to SBICPSL and adequate care taken to prevent its
misuse.
7.6 The Cardholder is responsible for the security of the Card, Card number and the PIN and shall take all
steps towards ensuring the safekeeping thereof. In the event SBICPSL determines that the
aforementioned steps are questionable (on account of the Cardholder’s negligence, malafides, etc.),
financial liability on account of the lost, stolen or misused Card/Card number/PIN shall be borne by the
Cardholder and could result in cancellation of the Card Account.
7.7 As per Reserve Bank of India (RBI) mandate, dated 06 Jul’17 on Customer Protection - Limiting Liability
of Customers in Unauthorised Electronic Banking Transactions, a policy is designed to ensure customer
protection relating to unauthorized credit card transactions. The same is updated on SBI Card’s website
under “Customer Grievance Redressal Policy”. The policy is based on the principles of transparency
and fairness in treatment of customers.
8. TERMINATION
8.1 The privileges of the Card may be suspended and the Card cancelled by SBICPSL, either temporarily or
permanently, at any time as provided in clause 3 hereinbefore in its absolute discretion and without
giving notice thereof to the Cardholder or assigning any reason therefore. SBICPSL may list the
cancelled Cards in a Cancellation Bulletin/Alert/Hot List, etc. that the Card(s) issued on the Card
Account have been cancelled. The Cardholder shall agree to surrender the Card to SBICPSL or its
representative, upon being requested to do so either by SBICPSL or its representative. The Cardholder
must not use the Card after it has expired or has been suspended or cancelled and shall continue to be
fully liable for the Charges incurred after its expiry/suspension/cancellation.
8.2 The Cardholder can close his/her Card Account at any time by terminating this Agreement by a written
notice to SBICPSL accompanied by the return of the Card cut in half diagonally and with full settlement
of all Outstanding on the Card Account.
8.3 Upon termination of this Cardholder Agreement for any reason whatsoever, whether at the instance of
the Cardholder or SBICPSL, the Cardholder shall remain liable for all Charges incurred by the use of the
Card and all amounts/Outstanding shall be due and immediately payable.
8.4 The Cardholder specifically acknowledges that once the Card Account is closed and privileges
(including any benefits and services) of the Card stand withdrawn, reinstatement of the same is neither
automatic, nor attendant and will take place solely at the discretion of SBICPSL. The Cardholder also
acknowledges that the aforementioned takes precedence over any communication in this context that
the Cardholder might receive during the normal course.
8.5. The Card Account is liable to be suspended/cancelled on instruction from any government/regulatory
body. All amounts Outstanding on the Card Account shall be deemed to have immediately become due
on such instructions from government/regulatory bodies as the case may be and SBICPSL shall be
entitle to recover the same in accordance with the relevant laws in force.
9. MISCELLANEOUS
9.1 SBICPSL, at its sole discretion, can appoint agents for recovery of any Outstanding on the Card or
initiate any other action allowed by law for recovery of all monies owing to SBICPSL.
9.2 The Cardholder shall be liable for all costs associated with the collection of dues, legal expenses and
decretal amounts with interest, should it become necessary to refer the matter to any agent or where
legal recourse for enforcement of payment has been taken.
9.3 The Cardholder expressly recognizes and accepts that SBICPSL shall be absolutely entitled to sell,
assign or transfer in any manner (including through the drawing of a negotiable instrument or
otherwise) in whole or in part and on such terms as SBICPSL may decide (including reserving a right to
SBICPSL to proceed against the Cardholder on behalf of any purchaser, assignee or transferee) the
Outstanding and dues of a Cardholder to any third party of SBICPSL's choice without reference to or
without written intimation by SBICPSL to the Cardholder and any such sale, assignment or transfer
shall bind the Cardholder to accept such third party as a creditor exclusively or as a joint creditor with
SBICPSL, but with the right to SBICPSL to continue to exercise all powers hereunder on behalf of such
third party and to pay over such Outstanding and dues to such third party or to appropriate the same,
as SBICPSL may decide. Any costs incurred by SBICPSL towards enforcement of its rights and recovery
of Outstanding and dues shall be debited to the account of the Cardholder.
9.4 Where SBICPSL acts on good faith in response to any oral or electronic instruction or inquiry by the
Cardholder in respect of any matter in relation to the Card, the Cardholder will not be entitled to claim
or allege any loss, damage, liability, expense etc., attributable, directly or indirectly, to any such good
faith action of SBICPSL and the Cardholder agrees to hold SBICPSL harmless in respect thereof.
9.5 The total Outstanding on the Card Account, together with the amount of any Charges effected but not
yet charged to the Card Account, will become immediately due and payable in full to SBICPSL on
bankruptcy or death of the Primary Cardholder and the Card Account shall immediately stand
cancelled.
The Primary Cardholder’s estate will be responsible for settling any Outstanding on the Card Account
and should keep SBICPSL indemnified against all costs including legal fees and expenses incurred in
recovering such Outstanding. Pending such repayment, SBICPSL will be entitled to continue to levy
finance charges at its prevailing rate.
9.6 The Cardholder hereby authorizes SBICPSL or its representatives to contact his/her employer, banker
or any other source to obtain and/ or verify any information or otherwise that may be required.
9.7 SBICPSL reserves the right to add to or change these terms and conditions and revise policies, benefits
and features offered on the Card at any time, without limitation to changes which affect existing
balances, finance charges or rates and methods of calculation. The Cardholder will be notified of any
such changes. By keeping or using the Card after notification, the Cardholder is deemed to have agreed
to the amendment/change. If the Cardholder does not agree with any amendment of the terms and
conditions or any other change related to the Card or benefit made available on the Card, he/she may
cancel the Card by cutting it in half diagonally and returning both halves to SBICPSL.
9.8 If required by law to do so or if considered necessary to do so for proper management of credit or
business risk, SBICPSL reserves the right to disclose any and all Cardholder information, including
default in any payments, to any court of competent jurisdiction, quasi judicial authority, law
enforcement agency, relevant wing of the Central Government or State Government, Cardholder’s
employer, State Bank of India, any other card issuer, credit reference agency, financial institution or
any company which is an affiliate or associate or parent or subsidiary of SBICPSL. The Cardholder
acknowledges that information on usage of credit facilities by customers are also exchanged amongst
banks and financial institutions which provide credit facilities and the Card may be cancelled on receipt
of any adverse market information in relation to the Cardholder without any liability on SBICPSL to
disclose any details thereof to the Cardholder.
9.9 The Cardholder authorises disclosure of his/her Card Account information by SBICPSL to any third
party engaged to provide any service in connection with operation of the Card Account and/or
marketing of various services. The Cardholder agrees to SBICPSL sending, from time to time, marketing
offers and/or promotional mailers to him/her at his/her postal or e-mail address, unless he/she has
specifically opted not to so receive, in which event SBICPSL will be entitled reasonable time to stop
sending such offers.
9.10 The Cardholder hereby agrees that the Card application and copies of all documents submitted in
support thereof and for the ongoing operation of the Card Account by the Cardholder to SBICPSL are
and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of SBICPSL, and SBICPSL shall not be obliged to return
the same to the Cardholder upon his/her request or upon termination of this Agreement.
9.11 In the event that the Cardholder delays or is unable to settle the Outstanding on the Card in terms of
this Agreement, SBICPSL is hereby authorised by the Cardholder to set-off and adjust any such
Outstanding against any amount that may be payable by SBICPSL, in any capacity, to the Cardholder on
any account whatsoever.
9.12 The Cardholder agrees that SBICPSL may send him/her reminders from time to time for settlement of
any Outstanding on his/her Card Account by post, fax, telephone, e-mail, cellular phone, SMS
messaging and/or engage third parties to remind, follow up and collect his/her Outstandings on the
Card Account.
9.13 The Cardholder agrees to comply with all applicable laws and regulations from time to time which
govern or may be affected by the use of the Card.
9.14 The forbearance, delay or failure on the part of SBICPSL to exercise any right under this Agreement
shall not operate as waiver of such a right nor preclude any further exercise of that right.
9.15 Without in any way limiting the above, SBICPSL shall not be liable or responsible to the Cardholder for
any loss, damage, expense, claim or liability arising directly or indirectly out of:
(a) any defect or deficiency in any goods and services purchased on the Card or availed as a benefit,
privilege or facility attached to the Card;
(b) refusal by or inability of a Merchant Establishment to honour or accept the Card;
(c) non or malfunctioning of any Terminal Device, Website, Server Client machine;
(d) handing over of the Card by the Cardholder to any unauthorised person;
(e) any statement made by any person requesting return of the Card or any act performed by any
person in conjunction therewith;
(f) any injury to the credit, character and reputation of the Cardholder alleged to have been caused by
the repossession of the Card and/or request for its return;
(g) SBICPSL complying with any request made by the Additional Cardholder in relation to the Card
Account;
(h) the exercise of any right by SBICPSL seeking surrender the Card prior to the expiry of the date
mentioned on the face of the Card whether such demand and surrender is made and /or asked by
SBICPSL or any person or Terminal Device;
(I) exercise of SBICPSL's right to terminate any Card;
(j) decline of any charge by SBICPSL because of the Cardholder exceeding his/her foreign exchange
entitlements or usage restrictions as prescribed by RBI guidelines issued from time to time; and
(k) if any demand or claim for settlement of Outstanding dues from the Cardholder is made by SBICPSL
or any other person for and on behalf of SBICPSL, the Cardholder acknowledges that such an act
shall not amount to an act of defamation or an act prejudicial to or reflecting upon the character
of the Cardholder in any manner.
9.16 The Cardholder is aware of all security risks, including possible third party interception of any of
his/her transactions and statements of account on the Internet and the contents of his/her transactions
or statements of account becoming known to third parties. The Cardholder agrees and undertakes that
he/she shall not hold SBICPSL liable therefore in any way. The use and storage of any information,
including without limitation, the Card number, PIN, password, account information, transaction activity,
account balances and any other information available on the Cardholder’s Internet access device or
computer is at his/her own risk and responsibility.
9.17 Any notice given by SBICPSL hereunder will be deemed to have been received by the Cardholder
within 7 days of posting to the Cardholder’s address last notified in writing to SBICPSL or, where
specifically requested, within 24 hours of sending the same via e-mail at the e-mail address specified
by him/her. Any notice may also be sent by fax or communicated verbally and confirmed in writing by
post or fax. SBICPSL shall not be held accountable for delays in receipt of notices by post. In the event
of any change in the Cardholder’s e-mail and/or employment and/or office and/or residential address
and/or telephone numbers, the Cardholder shall inform SBICPSL promptly in writing or by e-mail and
must confirm the same by mail or fax.
10. GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION
10.1 The Cardholder Agreement shall be governed by the laws of India and the courts of Delhi.
10.2 Any dispute, difference and/or claims arising out of in connection with or in relation to this Agreement,
shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act,
1996 and any subsequent statutory amendment, if any, to the Act , by a sole arbitrator, whose
appointment shall be made at the instance and discretion of the SBICPSL. The arbitrator appointed
shall be competent to decide whether any matter or dispute or difference referred to the arbitrator falls
within the purview of arbitration as provided for in this clause and/or should be decided under the
Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.
10.3 Any arbitration award granted shall be final and binding on the Parties. The venue and seat of the
Arbitral Tribunal shall be at New Delhi.
10.4 This Clause 10 shall survive termination of the Cardholder Agreement.
11. REWARD POINT PROGRAM
11.1 Reward Point Program
(a) The BPCL Card Rewards Program (“the Program”) allows eligible BPCL Cardholders (“Cardhold-
er/s”) to accumulate points (“Points”) from spending on their BPCL Card, as determined by SBI
Cards and Payment Services Limited (“SBICPSL”) from time to time.
11.2 Eligibility
(a) The Program is open to holders of BPCL Card, whose accounts are valid and in good standing and
any other Card so determined by SBICPSL.
(b) The Points earned by an Additional Cardholder will accrue to the account of the Primary
Cardholder.
11.2 Enrolment
(a) Participation in the Program is voluntary.
(b) The Cardholder may opt out of the Program by sending intimation (telephonic or written) to
SBICPSL.
(c) The Cardholder may continue to use his/her BPCL Card as he/she normally does.
(d) The Annual Fee for participation in the Program may be as determined by SBICPSL from time to
time.
(e) Enrolment Date - shall mean the date of launch of the Program for the existing Cardholders and the
account set up date by SBICPSL for the new Cardholders.
(f) Enrolment Year - shall mean “any twelve-month period” commencing on the Enrolment Date.
11.3 Points
(a) The Cardholder shall earn below mentioned points.
1. 4.25% Valueback – 13X Reward Points on fuel purchases. 13 Reward Points per `100 on BPCL Fuel
spends (Max. of 1300 Reward Points per statement cycle) & Fuel Surcharge waiver on BPCL Pumps
will be credited on the date of BPCL Fuel Trnx. posting in SBI Card system as per the updated MID
list, which shall be reviewed on monthly basis.
2. 5X Reward Points on every ₹ 100 spent at Groceries, Departmental stores, Movies & Dining.
3. W.e.f. 01 Sep ‘20, cumulative 5X Reward Points accrued per `100 spent on Groceries,
Departmental stores, Movies & Dining with your BPCL SBI Credit Card will have a maximum cap of
5,000 Reward Points per month. Once the cap limit of 5,000 Reward Points is achieved, 1 Reward
Point for every `100 spent will continue to accrue, as per the card policy. SBICPSL decision on the
computation of Reward Points will be final, conclusive and binding on the cardholder.
4. 1 Reward Point on all other retail spends, except fuel (1 RP = `0.25)
5. No Minimum Threshold. Fuel Surcharge Waiver applicable only on BPCL Fuel transactions upto
`4000/- for a max of `100/- per month.
6. Reward Points on BPCL Fuel purchases can be earned for a maximum spend of ₹10000/- per
month
7. Flexible Instant Redemption Program – Get extra mileage with your points.
Redeem your reward points instantly for free fuel at select 1200 authorized BPCL retail outlets
across the country or through BPCL fuel vouchers. You can also redeem your reward points for
exclusive products in lifestyle, leisure, and travel categories across major brands at SBI Card’s
exclusive Reward Point Program -Shop n Smile.
4 Reward Point gives you `1 of free fuel. There is No minimum limit of Reward Points required for
Instant Redemption
b. For BPCL SBI Card, all spending charged to the Card under the Program will be eligible to earn
Reward Points except the following:
- balance transfers
- e-Wallet loading/recharge transactions identified under MCCs 6540 and 6541 (W.e.f. 1st July
2020). All identification of eligible & non-eligible transactions regarding rewards by SBICPSL are on
a best effort basis & may be subject to technical glitches.
- Financial charges (e.g., late payment fee, dishonored cheque charges, service fee, transaction
charges)
- disputed transactions
- cash advances
- any purchases at petrol pumps/ service stations
- Flexipay w.e.f 20th November 2020
- Merchant EMI i.e. EMI's availed at the time of purchase at Merchant establishment or websites,
w.e.f 20th November 2020
(Reward Points reversed for Flexipay/Merchant EMI will be credited back to account only when the
respective Flexipay/Merchant EMI has been successfully cancelled by the cardholder. In the event
of Foreclosure of Flexipay/Merchant EMI, no Reward Points will be credited back in any scenario)
- Accelerated Reward Points under Departmental Stores (MCC 5311) and Grocery Stores (MCC
5411) for merchants - Metro Cash & Carry, Reliance Market and Walmart. However, identification
of eligible & non-eligible transactions on these merchants for the purpose of Rewards shall be done
by SBICPSL on a best effort basis.
c. A Cardholder cannot accrue Points for any charge incurred prior to his/her Enrolment Date.
d. Points accumulated by a Cardholder on an BPCL Card cannot be combined or used in conjunction
with Points of his/her other BPCL Cardat the time of redemption or transferred to any other
customer loyalty program unless otherwise notified by SBICPSL.
e. The Points do not constitute property of the Cardholder and are not transferable by operation of
law or otherwise to any other person or entity.
f. The Points accrued do not have cash or any monetary value.
g. Adjustments will be made to the Points if there are any credits, including those arising from
returned goods or services or billing disputes. If a disputed transaction is resolved in favour of the
Cardholder or where a transaction is reversed, proportionate Points will also be reversed and
credited to the Cardholder. On redemption, the Points would automatically be subtracted from the
Points accumulated in the Cardholder’s account.
h. Points accumulated that are not redeemed by the Cardholder for rewards within 12 months of his
/ her Enrolment Date can be carried over for another Enrolment Year. Any Points not used by the
end of second such year after Enrolment shall lapse and be forfeited.
i. SBICPSL will notify the Primary Cardholder in the monthly statement of account in respect of the
BPCL Card of the number of Points accumulated immediately preceding the closing date for the said
monthly statement.
j. In the event the BPCL Card is voluntarily closed by the Cardholder, the Points accumulated on
his/her BPCL Card can be redeemed within 6 months of closure, otherwise these will automatically
lapse. In the event of cancellation of the BPCL Card for any other reason, all the Points accumulated
will stand forfeited. If the BPCL Card is blocked or suspended by SBICPSL for any reason
whatsoever, then the Points accumulated shall stand forfeited but may be reinstated at the
discretion of SBICPSL if use of BPCL Card is reinstated.
k. SBICPSL’s decision on computation of Points will be final, conclusive and binding on the
Cardholder.
11.4 Redemption
(a) The BPCL Card must not be overdue, suspended, blocked, cancelled or terminated by SBICPSL at
the time of the redemption request.
(b) The Points accrued can only be redeemed by the Primary Cardholder, and not by an Additional
Cardholder.
(c) The Points may be redeemed against BPCL e-vouchers, usable against the BPCL merchandise or
instant PoS redemption at all BPCL outlets & Shop & Smile. The Points cannot be exchanged for
cash or credit or used to obtain cash advances, or used against payment for any charges incurred
on the BPCL Card. The Reward Point Program can be changed /modified without prior notice.
(d) The Cardholder will have to fill in a redemption request form and mail it to SBICPSL or call the
nearest SBI Card Customer Service Centre or log onto sbicard.com to redeem points for BPCL
e-vouchers. For instant PoS redemption cardholder needs to present his/ her card to the BPCL
outlet cashier and he can ask for 1) Reward Point balance, 2) Can pay in part or full towards his/
her bill of BPCL (provided the Reward Points are sufficient to pay in full for the bill amount).
Redemption conversion will be 4 Reward Points for `1
(e) SBICPSL will send through SMS on primiary cardholders registered mobile number the redemption
e-voucher in approximately six to eight weeks after receiving the redemption request from the
Cardholder.
(f) SBICPSL is not liable for any delay or loss in delivery of the redemption e-vouchers or Reward
Points.
(g) Redeemed Points are not exchangeable for other rewards, or refundable, replaceable, or
transferable for cash or credit under any circumstances, nor can these be re-converted back to
Points. Once exchanged for another partner
Lorem ipsum
loyalty program, if any, Points cannot be transferred
back.
(h) All points are subject to availability and certain restrictions may apply. The redemption procedure
and the additional terms and conditions for each Reward Points are set forth in the redemption
certificates/e-vouchers issued to the Cardholder. To redeem Points log onto the SBI Card website:
www.sbicard.com
(i) Any additional meals, transportation, accommodation arrangements, courier or other costs
incurred in connection with redemption of any reward will be the sole responsibility of the
Cardholder.
(j) Other benefits on the BPCL Card which are activated by use of the BPCL Card do not apply to
goods or services received as rewards under the Program.
11.7 General
(a) Fraud and abuse relating to earning and redemption of Points in the Program will result in
forfeiture of the Points as well as termination of the BPCL SBI Card account.
(b) Information supplied by a Cardholder on redemption of rewards may be used by SBICPSL or its
merchant establishments for administrative and/or marketing purposes.
(c) Any taxes or other liabilities or charges payable to the Government or any other authority or body
or any other participating merchant establishment which may arise or accrue to a Cardholder by
redemption as aforesaid or otherwise as result of the Program shall be to the sole account of the
Cardholder.
(d) SBICPSL reserves the right to cancel, change or substitute the rewards or reward conditions or the
computation of Points or terms and conditions of the Program at any time. SBICPSL can suspend
or terminate the Program at any time it deems necessary. In such a case, SBICPSL will intimate the
Cardholders and give them an option to redeem the accumulated Points.
(e) SBICPSL makes no warranties or representations, either expressed or implied, with regard to the
type, quality or fitness of the goods and services provided by the participating merchant
establishments under the Program. Merchandise, where applicable, will be accompanied by
warranty information from the manufacturer and any claims must be directed solely to the
manufacturer.
(f) Any dispute concerning goods or services received as rewards under the Program shall be settled
between the Cardholder and the participating merchant establishment which supplied the goods
or services. SBICPSL will bear no responsibility for resolving such disputes or for the dispute itself.
(g) The Program does not in any way amend the Cardholder Agreement between SBICPSL and the
Cardholder, and any term referenced but not defined herein may be interpreted in accordance
with the Cardholder Agreement.
(h) SBICPSL acts in good faith in response to any oral or electronic instruction or inquiry by the
Cardholder in respect of any matter in relation to this Program and fulfillment of any reward, the
Cardholder will not be entitled to claim or allege any loss, damage, liability, expense etc.
attributable, directly or indirectly, to any such good faith action of SBICPSL and the Cardholder
shall indemnify and hold SBICPSL harmless in respect thereof.
(I) All queries in relation to the Program may be addressed to -
The Manager - Customer Services
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited
P.O.Bag 28-GPO, New Delhi - 110 001
Most Important
Terms & Conditions
SBI Cards - Most Important Terms & Conditions
1. *FEES AND CHARGES
A. Annual Fees & Renewal Fees
There are annual fees and renewal fees applicable on the SBI Credit
Card (SBI Card). Annual fee is a one-time charge and renewal fee is
charged every year. These fees may vary from Cardholder to
Cardholder, and for different card variants. These shall be as
communicated to the Cardholder at the time of applying for the credit
card. These fees, as applicable, are directly charged to the Cardholder
account and the same would be billed in the card statement of the
month in which it is charged. There may be separate fees for Additional
Cards issued to the Primary Cardholder.
B. Cash Advance Fees
The Cardholder can use the Card to access cash in an emergency from
domestic /international ATMs. A transaction fee would be levied on all
such withdrawals and would be billed to the Cardholder in the next
statement. A transaction fee of 2.5% or Rs. 500 whichever is higher at
domestic ATMs and 2.5% or Rs. 500, whichever is higher at
international ATMs will be levied. The transaction fee is subject to
change at the discretion of SBI Cards & Payment Services Limited,
SBICPSL (formerly known as SBI Cards and Payment Services Private
Limited). All cash advances also carry a finance charge equal to
charges on revolving credit (please refer schedule of charges) from the
date of withdrawal until the date of full payment.
C. Cash Payment fees
The Cardholder can walk into select SBI Bank branches and pay SBI
Credit Card dues by mentioning the Credit Card number & amount in
the pay-in slip and depositing the same at the branch counter. An
instant payment acknowledgement receipt will be provided to the
cardholder on payment of the SBI Card dues. W.e.f. 01 Sep 2021, this
service will be available at Rs. 250 + all applicable taxes.
D. Charges
i. Charges and fees, as may be applicable from time to time, are payable
by Cardholders for specific services provided by SBICPSL to the
Cardholder or for defaults committed by the Cardholder with reference
to his Card account
ii SBICPSL retains the right to alter any charges or fees from time to time
or to introduce any new charges or fees, as it may deem appropriate,
with due intimation to cardholders.
E. Interest Free Grace Period
The interest free credit period could range from 20 to 50 days subject
to submission of claims by the merchant. However, this is not
applicable if the previous month’s balance has not been cleared in full
or if the Cardholder has availed of cash from any ATM.
F. Finance Charges (Service Charges)
Finance Charges are payable at the monthly interest rate on all
transactions including unpaid EMI installments from the date of
transaction in the event of the Cardholder choosing not to pay his
balance in full, and on all cash advances taken by the Cardholder, till
they are paid back.
If the Cardholder makes partial or no payment of Total amount due
(TAD) before Payment due date (PDD); i.e. the Customer has
outstanding balance from previous months and in the current month,
full payment of Total amount due is made before Payment due date
then Finance charges will be levied on the closing balance till the
payment date.
The current rate of finance charges is upto 3.50% per month [42% per
annum] from the transaction date and is subject to change at the
discretion of SBI Cards & Payment Services Limited (SBICPSL).
Finance charges, if payable, are subject to levy of applicable taxes and
are debited to the Cardholder’s account till the outstanding on the card
is paid in full. The minimum amount of Finance Charge levied on all
transactions in the event of the Cardholder choosing not to pay his
balance in full within payment due date, and on all cash advances
taken by the Cardholder will be Rs 25 each, exclusive of applicable
taxes.
a. Finance charges on cash advances are applicable from the date of
transaction until the payment is made in full.
Example 1 - Card Statement date – 15th of every month.
Transaction done between 16th June’19 – 15th July’19
1. Retail Purchase of Rs. 5000 – On 20th June’19
2. Cash Withdrawal of Rs. 7000 – On 10th July’19
Assuming No Previous Balance carried forward from the 15th June
2019 statement, the cardholder will get his 15th July statement
showing Rs.12,000 of transactions along with 5 days of finance
charges at the rate applicable on the Rs.7,000 cash withdrawal. The
cardholder needs to make payment against the outstanding by 5th
August 2019, i.e. 20 days from the Statement Date, for anything
between the entire amount or Minimum Amount Due. Please note that
any payment made against your Credit card outstanding, would first be
cleared against your Minimum Amount Due (which is inclusive of all
applicable taxes, EMI on Loan plans+5% of Total outstanding), fees
and other charges (if any) followed by Balance Transfer balance (if
any), retail balance (if any) and would be adjusted against your Cash
Balance (if any) last. Finance charges will be levied from the previous
statement date unless in the case of non-interest levied outstanding
retail balance, where the finance charge is levied from the date of the
transaction.
In case the statement outstanding has no cash balance and has not
been carried forward from a previous statement and the retail balance
outstanding on the statement date is paid in full by the payment due
date, No Finance Charges are levied on such balances.
Example 2 –Card Statement date – 2nd of every month.
Transaction done between 3rd Jan’19 – 2nd Feb’19
1. Retail Purchase of Rs. 10000 – On 5th Jan’19
2. Online Purchase of Rs. 30000 – On 15th Jan’19
Assuming no previous balance carried forward from the 2nd Jan 2019
statement, the cardholder will get his 2nd Feb statement showing Rs.
40,000 transactions. The cardholder needs to make payment against
the outstanding by 22nd Feb 2019, i.e. 20 days from the Statement
Date, for anything between the entire amount or the Minimum Amount
Due. In case the statement outstanding has no cash balance and has
not been carried forward from a previous statement and the retail
balance outstanding on the statement date is paid in full by the
payment due date, No Finance Charges are levied on such balances.
Making only the minimum payment every month would result in
the repayment stretching over the years with consequent interest
payment on your outstanding balance. For e.g. on a transaction of
Rs. 5,000 if Minimum Amount Due is paid every month (subject to a
minimum amount of Rs. 200 every month), it will take up to 44 months
for entire outstanding amount to be paid in full.
Example 3 – Card Statement date – 2nd of every month.
Transaction done between 3rd March ‘19 – 2nd April ‘19
(1) Annual fee of Rs. 500 – On 5th March ‘19
(2) Applicable taxes of Rs. 90 – On 5th March ‘19
(3) Online Purchase of Rs. 6000 – On 15th March ‘19
Assuming no previous balance carried forward from the 2nd March
2019 statement, the cardholder will get his 2nd April statement
showing Rs. 6,590 transactions. The cardholder needs to make
payment against the outstanding by 22nd April 2019, i.e. 20 days from
the Statement Date, for anything between the entire amount or
Minimum Amount Due.
Assuming the cardholder makes the payment of Minimum Amount
Due of Rs. 415, (5% of Total outstanding) + applicable taxes on 22nd
April 2016, rounded off to nearest decimal point, finance charges
would be levied at the effective rate and added to the total outstanding.
Considering the effective rate of 3.50% p.m., finance charge
calculation will be done as follows:
On the balance of Rs. 500 (5th March to 22nd April) for 49 days:
(3.50*12)*(49/365)*500/100= Rs. 28.19
On the applicable taxes of Rs. 90 (5th March to 22nd April) for 49 days:
(3.50*12)*(49/365)*90/100= Rs.5.07
On the balance of Rs. 6000 (15th March to 22nd April) for 39 days:
(3.50*12)*(39/365)*6000/100= Rs. 269.26
On the balance of Rs. 6,175 (22nd April to 2nd May) for 10 days:
(3.50*12)*(10/365)*6175/100= Rs. 71.05
Total Interest charged = Rs. 373.57
Sum of Outstanding purchase amount, Interest charges, Fees and
Charges, if any, and applicable taxes would reflect as the Total amount
due in the statement dated 2nd May assuming the card holder does not
make any transactions between 3rd April ‘19 – 2nd May ‘19.
If the cardholder keeps making the Minimum Amount Due (5%)
payment every month and also keep paying the interest amount he
would clear the outstanding in 20 months (100%/ 5% = 20).
If the Cardholder makes partial or no payment of Total amount
due(TAD) before Payment due date (PDD); i.e. the Customer has
outstanding balance from previous months and in the current month,
full payment of Total amount due is made before Payment due date
then Finance charges will be levied on the closing balance till the
payment date.
Example 4: Card Statement date – 2nd of every month.
Transactions done between 3rd Dec’18 – 2nd Jan’19
1) Retail Purchase of Rs. 500 – On 15th Dec’18
2) Online Purchase of Rs.600 – On 20th Dec’18
Assuming no previous balance carried forward from the 2nd December
2018 statement, the cardholder will get his 2nd Jan statement showing
Rs. 1100 transactions and Total amount due of Rs. 1100. The
cardholder needs to make payment against the outstanding by 22nd
Jan 2019, i.e. 20 days from the Statement Date, for anything between
the entire amount or Minimum Amount Due.
Assuming the cardholder makes partial payment of of Rs. 500, on
22nd- Jan 2019, finance charges would be levied at the effective rate
and added to the total outstanding. Considering the effective rate of
3.50% p.m., finance charge calculation will be done as follows
On the balance of Rs. 500 (15th Dec to 22ndJan) for 39 days:
(3.50*12) * (39/365) *500/100 = Rs. 22.43
On the balance of Rs. 600 (20th Dec to 22nd Jan) for 34 days:
(3.50*12) * (34/365) *600/100 = Rs. 23.47
On the balance of Rs 600(22nd Jan to 2nd Feb) for 10 days
(3.50*12) * (10/365) *600/100 = Rs. 6.90
Total Interest Charged = Rs. 52.80
Transactions done between 3rd Feb’19 – 2nd Mar’19
1) Beginning balance of Rs. 652.80 – On 3rd Feb’19
2) Retail Purchase of Rs. 1000 – On 5th Feb’19
3) Online Purchase of Rs. 3000 – On 15th Feb’19
Assuming previous balance of Rs. 652.80 carried forward from the 2nd
Feb 2019 statement, the cardholder needs to make payment against
the outstanding by 22nd Feb 2019, i.e. 20 days from the Statement
Date, for anything between the entire amount or Minimum Amount Due.
Assuming Cardholder makes complete payment by 15th Feb i.e. within
Payment due date. Considering the effective rate of 3.50% p.m.,
finance charge calculation will be done as follows:
On the Balance of Rs. 652.80 (3rd Feb – 15th Feb) for 12 days:
(3.50*12) *(12/365) * 652.80/100 = Rs. 9.01
Total Interest Charged = Rs. 9.01
Sum of Outstanding purchase amount, Interest charges, Fees and
Charges, if any, and all applicable taxes would reflect as the Total
amount due in the statement dated 2nd March.
G. Late Payment Charges
• NIL for Total Amount Due from Rs.0-Rs.500
• Rs.400 for Total Amount Due greater than Rs.500 & up to
Rs.1,000
• Rs.750 for Total Amount Due greater than Rs.1,000 & up to
Rs.10,000
• Rs.950 for Total Amount Due greater than Rs.10,000 & up to
Rs.25,000
• Rs.1,100 for Total Amount Due greater than Rs.25,000 & up to
Rs.50,000
• Rs.1,300 for Total Amount Due greater than Rs.50,000
An additional Late Payment Charge of Rs. 100 will be levied on
missing payment of Minimum Amount Due (MAD) by the due date
for two consecutive cycles. This charge will continue to be levied
for every payment cycle until the MAD is cleared.
Example 1 - Card Statement date – 2nd of every month.
Transaction done between 3rd Jan’16 – 2nd Feb’16
(1) Retail Purchase of Rs. 5000 – On 5th Jan’16
(2) Online Purchase of Rs. 5000 – On 15th Jan’16
Assuming no previous balance carried forward from the 2nd Jan 2016
statement, the cardholder will get his 2nd Feb statement showing Rs.
10,000 transactions. The cardholder needs to make payment against
the outstanding by 22nd Feb 2019, i.e. 20 days from the Statement
Date, for anything between the entire amount or Minimum Amount
Due.
If the cardholder does not make the payment of the Minimum Amount
Due or more by 22nd Feb 2016, he would be charged a Late Payment
Charge of Rs. 750 (Rs. 750 for greater than Rs.1000 & up to Rs.
10,000).
Example 2 - Card Statement date – 2nd of every month.
Transaction done between 3rd Feb’16 – 2nd Mar’16
1. Retail Purchase of Rs. 2000 – On 8th Feb’16
2. Online Purchase of Rs. 2500 – On 19th Feb’16
Assuming no previous balance carried forward from the 2nd Feb 2016
statement, the cardholder will get his 2nd March statement showing
Rs. 4500 transactions. The cardholder needs to make payment
against the outstanding by 22nd March 2016, i.e. 20 days from the
Statement Date, for anything between the entire amount or the
Minimum Amount Due.
If the cardholder does not make any payment by 22nd March 2016, he
would be charged a Late Payment Charge of Rs. 750 (Rs. 750 for
greater than Rs.1000 & up to Rs. 10,000)
H. Over Limit Fees
As a service gesture SBI Card may approve certain transactions
attempted by the cardholder which are over and above the credit limit,
please note that if the outstanding amount exceeds the credit limit, an
over-limit fee of 2.5 % of the over-limit amount or Rs. 600, whichever
is higher will be levied. Over-limit status may also be applied because
of fees and/or interest charges.
I. Payment Dishonor Fees
In case of a Payment Dishonor, cardholder will be charged payment
dishonor fee of 2% of Payment Amount subject to minimum charges of
Rs. 500
J. Other charges:
• Card Replacement Fee: Rs.100/- - Rs. 250/- (Rs. 1,500/- for Aurum)
• Cheque Payment Fee: Rs 100
• Statement Retrieval Fee: Rs 100/- per statement for statements more
than 2 months’ old
• Foreign Currency Transaction fee: 3.5% (For All Cards Except Elite &
Aurum) 1.99%(For Elite & Aurum Cardholders Only)
The exchange rate used to convert Foreign Currency transaction into
INR will be determined by VISA/MasterCard, as the case may be,
basis the exchange rates governed by them on the date the
transaction is settled with SBI Card, which may not be the same date
on which the transaction was made. The Foreign currency transaction
fee will be applied on the INR converted amount shared by
VISA/MasterCard.
• Dynamic & Static Currency Conversion Markup Fee: 3.50% (For All
Cards Except Elite & Aurum) 1.99%(For Elite & Aurum Cardholders
Only) (Only for transactions greater than or equal to Rs. 1000)
All transaction carried out in Indian Currency at an international
location or at merchants which are located in India but registered
overseas.
• W.e.f. 01 Sep 2021, the fee of Rs. 200 levied on any new request for
changing the network (Amex, MasterCard, Visa and RuPay) on your
SBI Credit Card will no longer be applicable.
• W.e.f. 01 Sep 2021, the fee of Rs. 200 levied on any new request
related to increase of Credit Limit will no longer be applicable.
• Rewards Redemption Fee: Rs. 99 (On Gifts, Statement Credit &
Specific Vouchers Only)
K. Overdue Finance Charges:
Effective 01 June 2021, The Cardholder will be charged a revised
interest rate of 3.65% per month (43.8% per annum) if the Minimum
Amount Due is not paid by the due date twice in a 12-month period.
This revised rate will be applicable for a period of 12 months before it
is reviewed again. When the Minimum Amount Due or more is paid by
the due date for at least 11 times in the next 12 months, the interest
rate charged will be revised back to the original rate applicable. This
change is valid only for unsecured retail cards except Shaurya SBI
Card.
Below illustrations will explain how the interest is calculated:
Assume that the Minimum Amount Due has not been paid by the due
date twice in last 12-month period. Hence, the interest rate will be
revised from regular 3.50% p.m. (42% APR) to the revised interest rate
of 3.65% p.m. (43.8% APR). Previous dues are paid in full and there is
no amount outstanding in the Card Account.
Illustration 1:
Statement Date: 1st May, 2022, Due Date: 21st May, 2022
Retail Purchase of Rs.5,000 on 20th April, 2022
Retail Purchase of Rs.10,000 on 25th April, 2022
On 1st May, the statement is generated with Total Amount Due
(TAD) of Rs.15,000 and Minimum Amount Due (MAD) of Rs. 750
Payment Due Date is on 21st May 2022
Retail Purchase of Rs. 2,000 on 29th May 2022
Considering the effective rate of 3.65% p.m., finance charge
calculation for 1st June 2022 statement will be done as follows:
On Retail Purchase of Rs.5,000 for 12 days (20th April to 1st May):
(3.65*12)*(12/365)*5000/100 = Rs.72
On Retail Purchase of Rs.10,000 for 7 days (25th April to 1st May):
(3.65*12)*(7/365)*10000/100 = Rs.84
On Total Amount Due of Rs.15,000 for 31 days (2nd May to 1st
June): (3.65*12)*(31/365)*15000/100 = Rs.558
On Retail Purchase of Rs. 2,000 for 4 days (29th May to 1st June):
(3.65*12)*(4/365)*2000/100 = Rs.9.6
Thus the total interest charged on 1st June 2022 will be Rs. 723.60
plus applicable taxes (Late Payment charges will also be applicable
here).
Illustration 2:
Statement Date: 2nd March, 2022, Due Date: 22nd March, 2022
Card Statement date – 2nd of every month.
Transaction done between 3rd March 2022 – 2nd April 2022
Annual fee of Rs. 500 on 5th March 2022
Applicable taxes of Rs. 90 on 5th March 2022
Online Purchase of Rs. 6000 on 15th March 2022
On 2nd April, the statement is generated with Total Amount Due
(TAD) of Rs.6,950 and Minimum Amount Due (MAD) of Rs. 415
Payment Due Date is on 22nd April 2022
Assuming the cardholder makes the payment of Minimum Amount
Due of Rs. 415, on 22nd April 2022, rounded off to nearest decimal
point, finance charges would be levied at the effective rate and added
to the total outstanding.
Considering the effective rate of 3.65% p.m., finance charge
calculation for 2nd May 2022 statement will be done as follows:
On the balance of Rs. 500 (5th March to 22nd April) for 49 days:
(3.65*12)*(49/365)*500/100= Rs. 29.4
On the applicable taxes of Rs. 90 (5th March to 22nd April) for 49
days: (3.65*12)*(49/365)*90/100= Rs.5.29
On the balance of Rs. 6000 (15th March to 22nd April) for 39 days:
(3.65*12)*(39/365)*6000/100= Rs. 280.8
On the balance of Rs. 6,175 (22nd April to 2nd May) for 10 days:
(3.65*12)*(10/365)*6175/100= Rs. 74.1
Thus the total interest charged on 2nd May 2022 will be Rs. 389.59
plus applicable taxes (Late Payment charges will also be applicable
here).
Sum of Outstanding purchase amount, Interest charges, Fees and
Charges, if any, and applicable taxes would reflect as the Total
amount due in the statement dated 2nd May assuming the card holder
does not make any transactions between 3rd April 2022 – 2nd May
2022.
If the cardholder keeps making the Minimum Amount Due (5%)
payment every month and also keep paying the interest amount he
would clear the outstanding in 20 months (100%/5% = 20).
Assuming that the cardholder clears the MAD payment within the due
date 11 times in the 12 months post interest rate revision, the interest
rate will revert to the original rate of 3.5% per month (42% per annum).
For illustrations of calculation at this rate, please refer to Section F
(‘Finance Charges’) of the Most Important Terms & Conditions
Assuming that the cardholder misses the MAD payment more than
once in the next 12 months post APR revision, the interest rate will
continue to remain at 3.65% per month (43.8% per annum) for another
12 months.
2. *LIMITS
Credit Limit and Cash Limit are assigned to Cardholders based on
internal SBICPSL credit criteria (Add-On cardholders share the same
limits as that of the Primary Account Holder). These limits are
communicated to the cardholder at the time of card delivery. The Credit
Limit and Cash Limits are communicated to the Cardholder in every
statement. The Available Credit Limit (i.e. the Credit Limit available for
use) at the time of the statement generation is provided as a part of the
statement. SBICPSL will review the Cardholder account periodically,
and increase or decrease the Cardholder credit limit based on internal
criteria. Cardholders seeking to have their credit limit increased can do
so by writing to SBICPSL and providing financial documents declaring
their income. SBICPSL, at it’s sole discretion and based on such new
documents provided, may increase the Credit Limit of the Cardholder.
3. *BILLING AND STATEMENT
a) SBICPSL will send the Cardholder a monthly statement showing the
payments credited and the transactions debited to the Cardholder’s
Account since the last statement, provided the card has been active
during the said period. SBICPSL will either mail a statement of
transactions in the card account to the mailing address it has on record,
or send a statement through email to the email id on record, on a
pre-determined date.
b) Credit Cards offer the Cardholder a revolving credit facility. The
Cardholder may choose to pay only the Minimum Amount Due printed
on the statement and such payment should be sent before the
Payment Due Date, which is also printed on your statement. The
balance outstanding can be carried forward to subsequent statements.
The Cardholder can also choose to pay the Total Amount Due or any
part of the amount above the Minimum Amount Due. Any unpaid
Minimum Amount Due of the previous statements will be added to the
Cardholders Current Minimum Amount due in addition to the
outstanding exceeding the Cardholders Credit Limit.
Minimum Amount due shall be 5% of outstanding amount or Rs. 200
(whichever is greater) plus all applicable taxes and EMI (only in case of
EMI based products). Overlimit (OVL) amount shall also be included in
the MAD in case cash or credit limit is exceeded. Any unpaid MAD of
the previous statements, if any, shall also be included in the Minimum
Amount Due.
c) Payments made towards the card outstanding are acknowledged in
subsequent statements.
Any dispute regarding input tax credit or any other matter pertaining to
taxes shall be communicated to Credit Card Issuer within 30 days from
the date of issuance of the Statement
d) Payments received against the Cardholder’s card outstanding will be
adjusted against all Minimum Amount Due (which is inclusive of all
applicable taxes + EMI on Loan plans + 5% of Total Outstanding), Fees
& Other Charges, Interest charges, Balance Transfer Outstanding,
Purchase Outstanding and Cash Advance in that order.
Card Holder would be responsible for providing correct and timely
information for enabling Credit Card Issuer to undertake appropriate
GST compliances which would in turn enable card holder to take input
tax credit of supplies made by the Credit Card Issuer. Card issuer
shall not be responsible for any loss of input tax credit or delay in
availment of input tax credit to the card holder on account of incorrect
information provided by card holder or due to any act or omission by
card holder.
e) Payments towards the Card account may be made in any of the
following ways:
By logging onto www.sbicard.com and using Paynet option to make
payment through netbanking or your SBI ATM cum debit card.
By mailing a Cheque or draft to the mailing address provided in the
reverse of the statement.
By dropping a Cheque or draft into any of the SBI Card drop boxes
placed in your city or in designated State Bank of India branches.
The Cheque/draft should be made payable to “SBI Card Number
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx”.
NACH: Payments can be made through the National Automated
Clearing (NACH) in select cities.
f) SBI Card Offers various mode of making payments of bill outstanding,
the same is illustrated at the back of the monthly statement and SBI
card website.
Any advance received from card holder shall treated as being an
advance towards future spends and not against any charges/fees.
g) Billing Disputes: All contents of statements will be deemed to be
correct and accepted by the Cardholder unless within 25 days of the
Transaction Date the Cardholder informs SBICPSL of any
discrepancies, and these discrepancies are found to be true by
SBICPSL. On receipt of such information, SBICPSL may reverse the
charge on temporary basis. If on completion of subsequent
investigations, the liability of such charges is to the Cardholder’s
account, the charge will be reinstated in a subsequent statement.
h) Customer Grievance Redressal: All grievance escalations should be
marked to the Nodal Officer, at PO Bag 28 - GPO, New Delhi - 110001
or e-mail at Nodalofficer@sbicard.com
i) Contact Particulars:
From All Phones : 39 02 02 02
(Prefix STD code of your city while calling from mobile)
or 1860 180 1290/1860 500 1290/1800 180 1290
For SBI Railway Credit Card: Contact SBI Railway Credit Card Helpline
from anywhere in India
From All Phones: 39 02 12 12 ( Prefix STD code of your city while
calling from mobile) From BSNL/MTNL : 1800 180 1295/1860 500
Correspondence: Through mail, by writing to The Manager -
Customer Services, SBI Cards & Payment Services Ltd., DLF Infinity
Towers, Tower C, 12th Floor, Block 2, Building 3, DLF Cyber City
Gurugram-122002 (Haryana) India www.sbicard.com or at PO Bag 28
- GPO, New Delhi - 110001
Through email by writing in at customercare@sbicard.com
j) No merchant refund/cashback/credit due to transactions converted to
EMI / cancelled transactions / reversals / promotional cashback will be
considered as a payment towards the outstanding of the card.
4. *DEFAULT
In the event of default, the Cardholder will be sent reminders from time
to time for settlement of any outstanding on the card account, by post,
fax, telephone, e-mail, SMS and/or engage third parties to remind,
follow up and collect dues. Any third party so appointed, shall adhere
fully to the code of conduct on debt collection.
Before reporting default status of a credit card holder to a Credit
Information Company which has obtained Certificate of Registration
from RBI and of which the SBICPSL is a member, we will provide a
months’ notice to the card holder.
It may further be noted, that if a card holder, post being reported as
defaulter, clears his/her dues, then SBICPSL would withdraw the
defaulter status from the Credit Information Company. Such changes
may take 45-60 days to reflect in customer’s credit report.
Terms and Conditions governing Credit Card facilities shall be
applicable to the Supplementary /Add on Cardholder as well.
SBICPSL submits the Cardholder’s data to a Credit Information
Company every month in the prescribed format. Credit Information
Company uploads the submitted data onto their server within 30 days’
time.
The total Outstanding on the Card account, together with the amount of
any Charges effected but not yet charged to the Card Account, will
become immediately due and payable in full to SBICPSL on
bankruptcy or death of the Primary Cardholder, and the Card Account
shall immediately stand cancelled. The Primary Cardholder’s estate
will be responsible for settling any Outstanding on the Card Account
and should keep SBICPSL indemnified against all costs, including
legal fees and expenses incurred in recovering such Outstanding.
Pending such repayments, SBICPSL will be entitled to continue to levy
finance charges at its prevailing rates.
5. TERMINATION/REVOCATION OF THE CARDHOLDERSHIP
a) The Cardholder may end the Agreement at any time by writing to
SBICPSL or calling in to the SBI Card Helpline, and by cutting the
card(s) diagonally. All the cards including the add-on cards will be
terminated basis the written request. In case a Cardholder having
negative Rewards Point Balance at the time of voluntary closure, then
the equivalent value of such negative reward points will be
automatically converted to statement debit and is required to be paid
by the Cardholder along with any other dues. Termination will be
effective after payment of all amounts outstanding on the card
account. No annual, joining or renewal fees shall be refunded on a
pro-rata basis.
Example – Negative Reward Point Balance at the time of voluntary
closure : -1000
Upon voluntary closure, -1000 negative Reward Point balance will be
automatically converted to statement debit of Rs 250 i.e. 1000
Negative Reward Points X Rs 0.25 per Reward Point (this conversion
value may vary for different card variants). This amount will be charged
to the Cardholder account and is required to be paid by the Cardholder
along with any other dues.
b) SBICPSL may also restrict, terminate or suspend the use of The
Cardholder Account at any time without prior notice if SBICPSL
reasonably believe it necessary for business or security reasons and/
Or at the request of any law enforcement agency, and/or any
government authority and/or under the laws & regulations which apply
to SBICPSL & its customer.
SBICPSL can suspend the facility on the Credit Card, if the Cardholder
defaults on the payment due or exceeds the credit limit extended. The
Card must not be used after the Agreement ends or while use of Card
Account is suspended.
c) In such a situation, the Cardholder must (subject to any default or other
notice required by law) immediately pay SBICPSL the total
outstanding Balance on the Account. This includes all amounts due to
SBICPSL under the Agreement, including all transactions and other
amounts not yet charged to the Account. The Cardholder Account will
not be considered as closed until the Cardholder has paid all such due
amounts.
6. LOSS/THEFT/MISUSE OF CARD
a) The Cardholder should contact SBICPSL as soon as possible at the
SBI Card Helpline if the Primary or any Additional credit card is
misplaced, lost, stolen, mutilated, not received when due or if he/she
suspects that the credit card is being used without the Cardholder’s
permission. Once a card is reported lost, it should not, under any
circumstance be used if found by the Cardholder subsequently, and
the Cardholder should cut the card diagonally in half.
· The Cardholder can also block the card instantly either on IVR or our
website www.sbicard.com or through SMS based service
· To block your lost/stolen card throughSMS, just SMS BLOCK XXXX to
5676791 from your registered mobile number. (XXXX = Last 4 digits of
your Card number). If you do not receive a confirmation SMS within 5
minutes of your request, please do not consider the card to have been
blocked. Please call up the help line to get your card blocked
immediately and to avoid any misuse.
b) SBICPSL is not liable or responsible for any transactions incurred on
the card account prior to the time of reporting of the loss of the card to
SBICPSL and the Cardholder will be wholly liable for the same. In
addition to notifying SBICPSL about the loss or theft of the Card, the
Cardholder must report any theft of the Credit Card(s) to the Police and
lodge an FIR.The Cardholder will, however, be liable for all losses
when someone obtains and misuses the Card or PIN with the
Cardholder’s consent, or the consent of an Additional Cardholder.
c) As per Reserve Bank of India (RBI) mandate, dated 06 Jul’17 on
Customer Protection - Limiting Liability of Customers in Unauthorised
Electronic Banking Transactions, a policy is designed to ensure
customer protection relating to unauthorized credit card transactions.
The same is updated on SBI Card’s website under “Customer
Grievance Redressal Policy”. The policy is based on the principles of
transparency and fairness in treatment of customers
d) If the Cardholder has acted fraudulently the Cardholder will be liable
for all losses. If the Cardholder acts without reasonable care, the
Cardholder may be liable for all losses incurred. This may apply if the
Cardholder fails to follow the safeguards as specified by SBICPSL.
e) SBICPSL may, without referring to the Cardholder or any Additional
Cardholder, give the police or other relevant authorities any
information that SBICPSL considers relevant about the loss, theft or
misuse of a Card or PIN.
f) Changes in contact details including mobile number, of your credit
card account would be intimated to your new as well as preceding
contact details in the system. It is advised to keep your current contact
details including mobile number updated in our records.
g) “SBI Card offers complimentary lost/stolen card insurance cover on
certain cards. The said insurance is provided by ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited or any other insurance Company
as may be decided by SBI Card from time to time. ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited is responsible for any claim
settlement in this regard and SBI Card shall not be responsible for any
dispute arising due to claim settlement. For further details on
Insurance terms & conditions, Cardholders are advised to go through
the brochure in the welcome kit or refer the www.sbicard.com.”
7. DISCLOSURE
The Credit Information Company is an initiative of the Government of
India and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to improve the functionality
and stability of the Indian financial system. This is in line with RBI’s
efforts to provide an effective mechanism for exchange of information
between banks and financial institutions, thereby enabling cardholders
to avail of better credit terms from various institutions.
The Cardholder acknowledges that SBICPSL is authorized to share
cardholder information to a Credit Information Company (that has
obtained Certificate of Registration from RBI).
SBICPSL shall provide information relating to repayment record of the
cardholder to a Credit Information Company within a period of 45 – 60
days.
In the event of a dispute, SBICPSL will make suitable amends to the
reporting procedure before reporting the card holder as defaulter.
However it may also be noted that such disclosure/release of
information would be contingent on time available to investigate and
settle such disputes raised.
The Cardholder further acknowledges that SBICPSL is authorized to
share Cardholder information, including default in payments with
Financial Institution, employer and to other third parties engaged by
SBICPSL for proper operation of card accounts, verification and other
administrative services.
SBICPSL may also share Cardholder information with any parent,
subsidiary, affiliate or associate of SBICPSL, for the purposes of
marketing and offering various products and services of SBICPSL or
its group companies, subsidiaries, affiliates and/or associates.
SBI Card Most Important Terms and Conditions are also available at
www.sbicard.com
Important Regulatory information
- The Card is valid for use both in India as well as abroad. It is, however,
not valid for making foreign currency transactions in Nepal and
Bhutan.
- Usage of the Card for transacting outside India must be made in
accordance with applicable law including the Exchange Control
Regulations of the RBI and the Foreign Exchange Management Act,
1999. Foreign exchange trading through internet trading portals is not
permitted. In the event of any violations or failure to comply, you may
be liable for penal action. You should consult your Authorized Dealer
(AD) regarding your Foreign Exchange Entitlement.
- If you have any credit balance on the credit card account, SBI Card
has the right to return this credit balance to you.
- Please do not use credit cards for making remittances/payments
towards capital account transactions such as investment in overseas
entities or setting up of entities overseas as it is not a permissible
method of funding under RBI’s Master Direction - Direct Investments
by Residents in Joint Venture/ Wholly Owned Subsidiary abroad.
- As per RBI Master Circular- Master Circular on Miscellaneous
Remittances from India facilities for Residents, use of Credit Card is
prohibited for purchase of prohibited items like lottery tickets, banned
or proscribed magazines, participation in sweepstakes, payment for
call-back services, etc., since no drawal of foreign exchange is
permitted for such items/activities. Please refer Master Circular on
Miscellaneous Remittances from India facilities for Residents for more
details.
Table (A): Krishak Unnati SBI Card
• Please note that the following fees and charges are not applicable for
Krishak Unnati SBI Card: Cash Advance Fee (No Cash Limit Allocated),
Forex Markup (International usage not allowed), Cash Payment Fee,
Finance Charges, Late Payment Charges, Payment Dishonor Fee, Card
Replacement Fee, Cheque Payment Fee, Cheque Pickup Fee,
Statement Retrieval Fee, Overlimit Fee, Reward Redemption Fee.
Surcharges and other duties (along with applicable taxes) will be
applicable.
• This Card does not offer Cardholder a revolving credit facility.
Cardholder has to pay Total Amount Due printed on the Statement.
8. *SCHEDULE OF CHARGES 57
Fees
Annual Fee (one time) Rs. 0 - Rs. 9999
Renewal Fee (p.a.) Rs. 0 - Rs. 9999
Add on Fee (p.a.) Nil’
Extended Credit
Interest Free Credit Period 20-50 days (applicable only on
retail purchases and if previous month’s
out standing balance is paid in full)
Finance Charges 3.50% p.m. (42% p.a.) for unsecured cards;
2.5% p.m. (30% p.a.) for Shaurya & Defence
Cards; Revised from 2.5% (30% p.a.) to
2.75% p.m. (33% p.a.) for Secured cards,
w.e.f. 01 Sep 2021
Minimum Finance Rs. 25
Charges
Overdue Finance 3.65% per month (43.8% p.a.) if the
Charges Minimum Amount Due is not paid by the due
date twice in a 12-month period (except for
Secured & Shaurya cards)
Minimum Amount Due 5% of Total Outstanding (Min. Rs. 200) + all
applicable taxes + EMI (in case of EMI
based products) +OVL amount (if any)
Cash Advance
Cash Advance Limit Upto 80% of Credit Limit (Max. 12K / day for
Gold and Titanium & 15K / day for Platinum
Cards and Signature/World Cards)
Free Credit Period Nil
Finance Charges 3.50% p.m. (42% p.a.) for unsecured cards;
2.5% p.m. (30% p.a.) for Shaurya & Defence
Cards; Revised from 2.5% (30% p.a.) to
2.75% p.m. (33% p.a.) for Secured cards,
w.e.f. 01 Sep 2021.
The above-mentioned charges will be
applicable from the date of Cash withdrawal.
Minimum Finance Rs. 25
Charges
Overdue Finance 3.65% per month (43.8% p.a.) if the
Charges Minimum Amount Due is not paid by the due
date twice in a 12-month period (except for
Secured & Shaurya cards)
Cash Advance Fees
SBI ATMs/Other 2.5% of transaction amount
Domestic ATMs (subject to a minimum of Rs. 500)
International ATMs 2.5% of transaction amount (subject to a
minimum of Min. Rs. 500)
Other Charges & Fees
Cash Payment fee Revised from Rs. 199 to Rs. 250 w.e.f. 01
Sep 2021
Payment Dishonor fee 2% of Payment amount
(subject to a minimum of Rs. 500)
Statement Retrieval Rs. 100 per Statement (>2 months old)
Cheque Payment Fee Rs. 100
Network Change Fee W.e.f. 01 Sep 2021, the fee of Rs. 200
levied on any new request for changing the
network (Amex, MasterCard, Visa and
RuPay) on your SBI Credit Card will no
longer be applicable
Credit Limit Increase W.e.f. 01 Sep 2021, the fee of Rs. 200
Fee levied on any new request related to
increase of Credit Limit will no longer be
applicable
Late Payment NIL for Total Amount due from
Rs.0-Rs.500;
Rs. 400 for Total Amount due greater
Rs. 500 & up to Rs. 1000;
Rs. 750 for Total Amount due greater
than Rs. 1000 & up to Rs. 10,000;
Rs. 950 for Total Amount due greater
than Rs. 10.000 & up to Rs. 25,000
Rs. 1100 for Total Amount due greater
than Rs. 25,000 & up to Rs. 50,000
Rs. 1300 for Total Amount due greater
than Rs. 50,000
Additional Late Rs. 100
Payment Charge
Overlimit 2.5% of Overlimit Amount (subject to a
minimum of Rs. 600)
Card Replacement Rs. 100 - Rs. 250 (Rs. 1500 for Aurum)
Emergency Card Actual cost (subject to a minimum of
Replacement $175 for VISA & $148 for Master
(When Abroad) Card)
Foreign Currency Conversion mark up: 3.5% (For All Cards
Transaction Except Elite & Aurum) 1.99% (For Elite &
Aurum Cardholders Only)
Dynamic & Static Markup: 3.50% (For All Cards Except
Currency Elite & Aurum) 1.99% (For Elite & Aurum
Conversion Cardholders Only) (Only for transactions
Transaction greater than or equal to Rs.1000)
Rewards Rs. 99 (On Gifts, Statement Credit &
Redemption Fee Specific Vouchers Only)
Priority Pass All Airport Lounge visits within India through
Lounge Charges the Priority Pass Program will be charged
with an usage fee of $27 per visit +
applicable taxes.
All Airport Lounge visits outside India
through the Priority Pass Program, after
exhausting the complimentary visits, will be
charged with an usage fee of $27 per visit +
applicable taxes. For more details, please
visit sbicard.com
All guests being accompanied by the SBI
Cardholder having the Priority Pass, to visit
the Airport Lounge will be charged with an
usage fee of $27 per visit + applicable taxes.
Surcharge
Railway Tickets Rs. 30 + 2.5% of transaction
- Railway Counters amount
Railway Tickets 1% of transaction amount +
- www.irctc.co.in all applicable taxes
Petrol & all 1% of transaction value with minimum
products/services fee of Rs.10 (excluding all applicable
sold at petrol pumps taxes wherever applicable + other charges)
for single transaction spends between
Rs.500 and Rs.4000 for Platinum Cards,
Prime Cards & Elite Cards; Rs.500 and
Rs.3000 for all other cards.
Maximum surcharge waiver of Rs.250 per
statement cycle per credit card account for
Platinum Cards, Prime Cards & Elite Cards;
Rs.100 per credit card account for all other
cards
Payment of Customs 2.25% of transaction
duty amount (subject to a minimum of Rs.75)
All taxes would be charged as applicable on all the above Fees, Interest
& Charges.
“Applicable Taxes” (for Statements issued on or after 1st July, 2017)
means:
• For the cardholders having state of residence in the records of SBI
Card on the statement date as “Haryana” - Central Tax @ 9% and
State Tax @ 9%
• For the cardholders having state of residence in the records of SBI
Card on the statement date as other than “Haryana” - Integrated Tax @
18%
All payments made for a cardholder account will be settled in the order of
Minimum Amount Due (which is inclusive of all applicable taxes + EMI on
EMI based products + 5% of Total Outstanding), Fees & Other Charges,
Interest charges, Balance Transfer Outstanding, Purchase Outstanding
and Cash Advance.
*Krishak Unnati SBI Card customers, please refer table (A) for schedule
of charges as afore-mentioned payment hierarchy is not applicable to
your card.
Your continued usage of the card will be deemed as acceptance of these
amendments
SBI Card Helpline
39 02 02 02 (prefix local STD code),
1860 180 1290/1860 500 1290
All information in this communication is correct as per June 2021 and is
subject to change at the discretion of SBICPSL. SBI Card Most Important
Terms and Conditions are also available at www.sbicard.com
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited.
P.O. Bag No. 28, New Delhi - 110 001
Please visit our website at : www.sbicard.com
Know us better
By Phone - 24 HOURS
For more information, call 1860 180 1290/1860 500 1290 or 39 02 02
02 (prefix local STD code) Please keep your card handy.
By e-mail
Write to us at customercare@sbicard.com for any queries on your card
account
By Letter
Write to us at SBICPSL, Post Bag No. 28, GPO,
New Delhi – 110001
By Web
Log onto sbicard.com
BY SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook/sbicard Twitter/sbicard_connet
Linkedin/company/sbi-card Youtube/sbicard
Ver: FY 22 08